---
date: 2024-09-09
time: 13:20
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Mon
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Scorpio
weather: Cloudy, Cool, Still, 14
---
# Emotions
Better than yesterday. Feeling alright. Still struggling with motivation as usual. Know what I need to do yet I'm not doing it. Undisciplined. But happy.

# Physical Condition
Fine. Still having bowel movement problems. Bit sick, idk why.

# Name of Rituals Performed
Relaxation Ritual and Tarot Contemplation Ritual

# Performance
Drew [[16. The Tower]]. Relaxation ritual is getting easier and easier to perform. Becoming an automatic process without requiring much thought or remembering how to do it.

# Results
The tarot card The Tower depicts a tower being destroyed by what must be the sun in the top right corner of the card. It smites the top of the tower and breaks it off, causing two wizards to tumble and fall to the ground. They both have different hats and clothes. The tower is residing within a demonic looking mouth and the foundations of the tower are on fire. It all symbolically seems to be showing an established way of life to come crashing down. I feel that it means change and creation through destruction. There are 2 trees either side of the tower which I think are representing the tree of life from Kabballah. However they are different coloured and the tree on the left depicts an extra node at the bottom compared to the other tree.
My takeaway thoughts are that my current way of life is crumbling and being destroyed, whether with my conscious effort or without. It needs to be destroyed in order to erect a new way of living. I must kill old Jack in order to become a new Jack. My life has gotten to this point for a reason. "Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will guide you life and you will call it fate." I need to make conscious effort and control over my life in order to destroy it on my own terms. Otherwise I will keep crumbling down and feeling as a victim.
This destruction is necessary and will happen regardless. The world is falling apart around me, I can hold myself well as long as I take conscious control and put in effort.

## Addendum 2024/09/10 19:57
I watched [this video](https://youtu.be/MQWlv7cTcqo?si=bIVN-WEubwafNvmz) from [[Lyam Christopher]] last night in which he spoke of Magic and Masturbation. He spoke of the journey of discovering oneself and unifying oneself through the search of a soulmate in the hopes of completing oneself. This obviously doesn't work.
Anyway, he mentioned the Tower card and spoke of it in such a way that we produce this phalic like structure and identify itself in order to explore the world and explore our consciousness. The destruction of the tower symbolises the destruction of the creation we have made as we no longer need to identify with the created ego. There was more but it's slipped a bit out of my mind, I just remember he spoke of it and it showed me a new perspective of The Tower.
