---
date: 2024-09-17
time: 10:18
last_edited: 2024-09-17 10:28
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Tue
moonphase: Waxing Gibbous
sign: Pisces
weather: Cloudy, Cold, 11
---
# Emotions
Calm and chaotic. Disorganised while organising. Stressed,

# Physical Condition
Good. Cold. Weak. Want to be stronger. Hungry, still having stomach issues and bad shits.

# Name of Rituals Performed
[[RR]] and [[TCR]]

# Performance
Very good. Was meditating and using the "OM NAMAHA SHIVAYA OM" mantra from the Regardie tapes, and then stopped and sat in silence for a bit before realising I should use the [[RR]] and then maybe just do the [[TCR]] while I was at it too. Drew [[1. The Magician]] again.

# Results
This is now the second time I've drawn [[1. The Magician]], which I now realise is a signal much more so than I thought or realised since drawing [[11. Justice]] twice too and recognising it's presence and significance. Today I noticed something extra on the card I hadn't paid enough attention to previously. His bottom half are in a square prism and doesn't have the energy outlining his figure while in the square prism.
This to me signifies some kind of physical matrix, and coming into realisation of the larger energy field and energy body I am a part of. Just during the meditation I felt connected to my energy body somehow, like I was noticing something I hadn't noticed before.
I think I'm soon to stop being a fool, and slowly become more and more like the magician. I just need to keep practising and the results will follow.
I may soon have my mind blown wide open, such as the infinity symbols signify within the magicians head. It all shows a kind of blasting of energy in every direction. He is aghast and struck by his new level up and experience. If I continue, perhaps I will too.
