---
date: 2024-09-08
time: 12:11
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Sun
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Scorpio
weather: Partly Cloudy, sun feels nice, cold still and windy air. 16
---
# Emotions
A bit sad at the moment from the weed thoughts. Confused. Pushing the limits of my mind and emotions and feelings and mind. Trying to calm down and behave. Scared of the world and my life and being alive.
I don't know how to feel safe.
I'm feeling strange sensations in my body. The birds are freaking me out.

12:19 - I think I'm writing a story now. I think I'm in my mind. Instead of imagining an artistic project and digital life and story to write, I'm stuck inside my own horror story. I feel like silent Hill, Alan wake. This universal loneliness and experience. Going around taking strange photos id expect to see on a 4chan horror thread.
Some backwoods (backrooms, idk why i accidentally typed backwoods)type shit.
It's real. I'm living a story. I'm in my own story. It's breaking my mind. Seeing through to a new layer of experience. I'm pushing the boundaries, I need to start pushing back at the plot. Writing my character, but more importantly, living my character.

21:09 - Now I'm actually going to finish this, I made the document earlier in the day and didn't do it.

# Physical Condition
Heart racing or previously racing. Now 88. 12:22 -Now 114

# Name of Rituals Performed
Relaxation Ritual and Tarot Contemplation Ritual

# Performance
Shoddy. Didn't get very relaxed considering the schizo day I've had. My minds all over the place. Drew number 9, the hermit.

# Results
I got the Hermit today. I recognise the symbol and the herbrew letter in this card. It's the same that was coming out of the sun and showed up in some of the other cards. Anyway I feel like this card is pretty straight forward considering my day. Using Logos as my light and guide is the way to travel and move forward. I've been a hermit and retreated into isolation, but I must use logos and my logical mind to continue developing my discernment for the truth. He is also standing within the centre of an ouroboros snake wrapped around him on the floor. The Ouroboros and the symbolic snake eating it's own tail is usually meant to symbolise rebirth and life and death being a never ending cycle, unsure what it means in relation to the hermit.

I really need to continue learning about the Tarot cuz I am just bullshitting these readings and I need to be more informed to getter better results.
