---
date: 2024-09-11
time: 17:24
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Wed
moonphase: First Quarter
sign: Sagittarius
weather: Cloudy, Cool, Still, 14
---
# Emotions
A bit frazzled. Relaxed. But disappointed in myself and the way I am behaving and acting.

# Physical Condition
Fine, actually feel good because I woke up and did some yoga this morning. My body is actually feeling alright.

# Name of Rituals Performed
[[RR]] and [[TCR]]

# Performance
I was meditating for about 20 mins before I decided I should just roll it into doing my rituals for the day. I kind of half assed the relaxation ritual because I felt in a good state because of the meditation and breath work. Card drawn was [[5. The Hierophant]].

# Results
I don't even know what the name of this card means. This is an example that I could not take much away from this card and I really need to continue with my Magick studies. It seemed like the background of the card was some kind of fabric being held together by screws. I was getting the impression it was about piercing the veil or seeing through the illusory physical world. Behind it there seemed to be water, this made me think it was like the Tao, the water that flows everywhere and takes paths of least resistance. He had on his banner the hexagram made of a blue and red triangle. I still do not have sufficient understanding of that symbol. I did notice however that in line with my day, he had yellow strips to his red coat with square-like spirals, akin to [[The Yellow Sign]] I was thinking about earlier today. I wonder if there's more to that symbol than just the yellow king story. There was also a bull he was sitting on top of, which I just thought about taurus. I don't know what this card represents to me and my future. Time will tell.
