---
date: 2024-09-06
time: 09:18
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Fri
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Libra
weather: Cloudy, Warm, Moderately Windy, 18
---
# Emotions
I feel really good. I'm waking up so nicely already as I'm trying to tune into a better sleep cycle. I'm waking up rested and feeling good. I just roll out of bed. Feel emotionally strong, excited.

# Physical Condition
Beautiful. Can't complain about a thing. Been shitting more than usual however, but getting my morning coffee in seems to be a main culprit.

# Name of Rituals Performed
Relaxation Ritual and Tarot Contemplation Ritual

# Performance
Relaxation Ritual is feeling better and better to perform. I finished it today saying to myself "This is ACTUAL magick". It's good. I'm impressed. I drew card 19, The Sun today in my Tarot Contemplation Ritual.

# Results
I got card 19, The Sun today, and immediately felt connection to it. Firstly, yesterday I drew 20, Judgement, and today is 19. That's hell of a coincidence. Secondly, the symbols coming off the Sun are the same as the symbols that were in the Judgment card, and the symbols were a part of the Hebrew character that was on yesterdays card too. Definitely some connection there.

Then there was the obvious man and woman, water and earth, masculine and feminine unifying in the walled garden beneath the Sun. I feel that this represents a unification of the mind and body, the body and the spirt, something like that, perhaps facilitated through the energy of the Sun. The Sun had a very strange and stoic like face to it. With no mouth, but a very strong gaze and nose. Not sure what that symbolises, but we shall see.

I have a feeling this card is pointing towards the same kind of thing that yesterdays card was too. A unification of the mind and body energies.
