---
date: 2024-09-10
time: 20:11
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Tue
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Sagittarius
weather: Clear Night Sky, Still Winds, 12
---
# Emotions
Really good actually. The yoga got me really excited and I think I'm going to do it after this just before bed and probably when I wake up in the morning. Happy. Inspired. Hopeful

# Physical Condition
I feel energetic a bit somehow. But mostly good. Good. Still got stomach issues in the mornings and after coffee.

# Name of Rituals Performed
[[RR]] and [[TCR]]

# Performance
Drew [[1. The Magician]].  Relaxation ritual was good. I might be going through it too fast and thinking I'm too good for it already despite not actually visualising the gold orb yet. I'll slow down for the future. Really take my time to relax. Because I feel like I'm going to yoga after this I might've rushed more

# Results
The magician feels apt. He has the symbol of infinity in his head. You can see the (this is so wrong because I haven't learnt it enough yet) the pole with those two energies climbing up it that leads to a kundalini awakening which is something I feel like I'm in the midst of. He has the sword, pentacle, wand and cup all in front of him as he's starting his journey and being initiated. Also like me as I'm in the starting stages. He is also visualised as energy here instead of a man. And he has wings on his feet the way Hermes and Mercury are depicted typically. Perhaps something Hermetic about the magician.
