---
date: 2024-09-07
time: 10:57
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Sat
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Libra
weather: Clear Blue Skies, Still Air, Sunny and Warm, 17
---
# Emotions
Really good and clear minded. Weather with the sun out has really put me in a good mood. Dad and Toby talking shit about Footy loud and obnoxiously are doing my head in a bit though.

# Physical Condition
Good. My stomach is still a bit upset, but I had fish 'n' chips last night for dinner so could easily just be that.

# Name of Rituals Performed
Relaxation Ritual and Tarot Contemplation Ritual

# Performance
Fine. Got the tarot card 11, Justice.

# Results
The relaxation ritual actually got me very deep today. I felt like I had left my body momentarily and gotten very deep very quickly and very easily. I stayed there for a bit but didn't feel like meditating so I came back shortly.
The Tarot card was Justice. I got heavy implications of balance. There were the scales being held by the woman, and also the scales with a skull and candle on it. This symbolised to me the mortal body with light. There needs to be balance within my mortal life and the light within me. There are still heavy motifs of birds. The woman had a bird on her head, and she had a feather on her dress reminding me of Anubis weighing a mans heart compared to a feather in order to pass into the after life. There was also a snake above her, and a dog below her at her feet, I struggled to see any symbolism in those, but I'm sure there is.
The scales with the skull and light also had heavy symbolism of black and white. It felt very reminiscent of yin and yang, thus further implicating the balance of body and spirt, mind and soul, yin and yang. There was also a triangle on either side, one with the triangle pointing up, and the other pointing down.
I guess by unifying both triangles they are able to form a star, which is a symbol I've seen in magick and know stands for something, but can't quite recall right now.
As for what this card is communicating to me? I guess to balance myself, my physical life with my spiritual life. Time will tell.
