---
date: 2024-09-05
time: 11:53
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags: 
aliases: 
day: Thu
moonphase: Waxing Crescent
sign: Libra
weather: Cloudy, Temperate, Windy, 19
---
# Emotions
Intimidated to continue my work. I feel a bit overwhelmed with what I need to do, what needs to be done. Goals I am setting for myself are big, I believe I am capable of achieving it all, yet it feels a little intimidating to start climbing the mountains now. I'm procrastinating things still, like that's new. But I really want to finish setting up Obsidian, which is a second brain, and believe it or not, it's an intimidating task to try and set up a second brain.

# Physical Condition
Awake and alert, feel good and clean. Shampooed my hair today, which feels good.

# Name of Rituals Performed
Relaxation Ritual and Tarot Contemplation Ritual

# Performance
Relaxation ritual was performed well, do not expect to be able to "see" the orb anytime soon, but I genuinely feel like I can feel it already. Card drawn during TCR was card 20, Judgment.

# Results
The relaxation ritual was fine. The tarot card being Judgment felt strange. My interpretation of the reading is that a time is coming for me to be judged. It is a time of change. The symbolism of the triangle being made up of a dirty man, 2 women and a third floating being felt like to me it was the joining of masculine and feminine energy that will allow me to ascend and become something more. The top most triangle point had a lot of symbolism that made me think of a third eye. Perhaps the using of masculine AND feminine energy will allow me to open my third eye. The triangle symbolism feels important because I've definitely been seeing or thinking of triangles in very symbolic ways more and more recently. I think a judgment is coming, and I need to make sure I am judged to be worthy or favourably. I need to put in the work. Perhaps I am soon to be judged harshly. Not sure whether the tones or vibes are positive or negative yet. We will see.
