---
date: 2024-10-07
time: 04:52
last_edited: 2024-10-11 19:07
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Monday, 7th of October, 2024
Just had a dream with Lachlan, Lily, and importantly Angela. God I'm just enamered by her still somehow and for some reason.
We went out to dinner, it felt like there was a slightly bigger group with a few more people, but maybe not.
Then we were all in a bed together, all squeezed up trying to get comfortable and sleep. It was a big bed and it was in the shed at harrow ave's house.
We couldn't get comfy and so we were kinda mucking around.
The order was Lachlan, me, lily, Angela. Despite the others being there, I was secretly in my head only about Angela. That's all I could think about.

Ugh thinking about her makes me sad. Just imagining what could've been. And what couldn't have been. I don't deserve her, just let it go man.

But a part of me still can't help but feel something about her. So dumb. Well she showed up in my dream tho.

I don't want to let her know me. I'm embarrassed of my life and who I am. That's no way to be feeling to go and get in contact with an amazing woman that I've always slightly been enamered by. Just dumb.

What a dumb crush. Year 8, semester 3 I wanna say. She moves to another school, I have a crush on her but am too scared to say anything or do anything. Later Scott tells me she had one too. I'll never get over that. Fuck man.

05:41 - Makes me think of the line "In another life, I would've really loved to just do laundry and taxes with you" and the whole butterfly effect / everything everywhere all at once story implications.

I was just drafting a message in my head, idk if it's worth sending, but just want to note it down.

Hey Angela,
I don't even know if you remember / know who I am, but if you're ever back in Melbourne / The Peninsula and want to grab a coffee some time, let me know.
