---
date: 2024-08-30
time: 09:17
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Friday, 30th of August, 2024
I had a dream that I was catching up with [[Brandon Stanisic]], [[Mitch Hebaiter]] and someone else (the third person wasn't important, but the group was four total to begin with), and we were catching up somewhere in Somerville or Tyabb to go for a bike ride or scooter ride or do some kind of track? In my phone I had like a google maps area of the track and area we were going to do.

I don't remember if this actually happened in the dream or if it was a pre existing notion of the dream, but I had met up with the group, and then "disconnected", as if we were playing an online game on the computer and my internet dropped out (this is something that's been happening with my computer, the power plug has been turning itself off and booting me from my pc).

After being "disconnected" I was sent back to my "house" and wanted to try and meet back up with them. The sun had set now and it was becoming dark. I couldn't/didn't use my phone to communicate with them and let anyone know what happened, I just had to try and catch up to where they were and talk to them in person.

On my phone I had the "track" they were doing and tried to estimate where they would be up to by the time I got there. I grabbed a scooter(?) And started hoofing it there.

I got to the area in Somerville where the double roundabout is on the other side of the train tracks, and where the old decrepit house is, there were different buildings, and a kind of walkway or path along the side / through the middle of them. At then end of these buildings and this path was a bigger nicer building I had never seen before, with nice big open grassy areas like paddocks around the sides of it (looking back now it seems to have been inspired by [[Shannan Hebaiter]]'s "old house", the one in Tyabb).

The was the house, and then next to it a type of shed, or more like a guest house type thing. It was nice. I walked along, looking for where the group might be, and then I saw [[Mitch Hebaiter]] on the other side of a farm fence. We saw each other and I was surprised to see him by himself. I told him what happened to me and asked him where the others went. He said [[Brandon Stanisic]] didn't want to keep going after I left, and the others didn't really either, so they all split up and left.

I think I started to become a little aware that this must be the Hebaiters house if [[Mitch Hebaiter]] was here after going home, and that that means I should probably leave, considering [[Shannan Hebaiter]] and [[Liam Anderson]] could be here also.

Here I started having a bit of cognitive dissonance where I was becoming slightly more lucid and noticing contradictions with reality. I was unsure how the timeline of events I know to be true could be real, when this alternate timeline of events also exists.

I've had many dreams in the past with [[Shannan Hebaiter]] about some kind of storyline where we get back together, or we don't get back together but we become friends again, or we don't get back together but we start fucking again. I'm not sure if all these dreams intertwine, but there's definitely been some on/off situations in my dreams that I was struggling to fit in to the timeline of reality, where we've not spoken for years, and instead she's dating [[Liam Anderson]] and all the shit of reality.

As I was leaving, I walked past the guest house/shed and saw something that caught my eye. It was a door with a bunch of pictures on it and quotes. I saw pictures and pictures of all people from my previous life experience. All these people I do not like anymore for various reasons, and that do not show up in my life anymore. I saw a picture of [[Thomas Spalding]] first, which he is probably the most recent backstabber in my life. Then as I looked I started to notice what I've just said, it's all these people.

I saw a photo of me surrounded by these people I used to call my friends, and I looked slightly upset or outcast or like I didn't fit in with them. Like they were all laughing behind my back or something. Like they were fulfilling some plot or plan against me without me knowing.

Of course this is very well and good to think or come up with after all the events that have led to now in my life, but nonetheless it was the impression and emotion or the dream story being told.

There was a big quote over this picture that featured me, a quote I recognised. I recognised either thinking it, or writing it down at some point, but it was such a personal deep down thought/feeling that there is no way I would've written it on purpose to be used in creation of a mural or creative endeavour of some kind. I didn't know how they got that, and it scared me. The quote was something to the effect of:
"I sometimes feel like everyone is out to get me. Like all the people in my life are purposely trying to mess with me, or taking actions to actively ruin my life. It's like every situation I partake in is manipulated to lead to confusion and give people specific impressions of me, that directly lead me to some kind of ending of a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode, like I'm Larry David somehow"

*Just of note as writing this down, the name Curb Your Enthusiasm has been a title I've thought of recently and understood the meaning of. It feels relevant here, I need to curb my enthusiasm because nothings going to go my way. Do not get enthusiastic, you'll just get your hopes up for nothing*

As I was examine the mural door with pictures and quotes I was freaking out, thinking that perhaps this house isn't the Hebaiters, but some kind of rental lodge developed and owned in part by this conspiratorial group that is out to get me, and that's why there's this group effort mural with quotes of my own deep thoughts and feelings.

As I thought this [[Larry David]] walked past the opening to the guest house I was in and saw me, I was scared I was going to be spotted as some kind of intruder. Once I noticed it was [[Larry David]] however, I called out to him, and it was as if we had some kind of rapport and friendship already. He was a bit more raggedy, older and had a scruffy beard. He first exclaimed and said "did you see we won?" As if he was talking about some baseball game he was watching.

I asked him what this place was, who's house was it, what is this mural door thing about?

That's pretty much where the dream ended. I don't remember getting an answer, only my own impressions and thoughts of it.

## Analysis / Thoughts
After the dream, and once I had become more lucid, but still not gotten out of bed yet cuz I'm lazy, I remember thinking about the idea of this grand conspiracy out to ruin my life. Obviously there's not actually a conspiracy between all these people, there's not a conspiracy within the external world we inhabit. Yet I was contemplating on the idea of a conspiracy within my consciousness and unconsciousness.

There's that quote or statement from one of the Third Eye Drops Podcasts where the guest says something along the lines of "There is no evil cabal conspiracy running the world from the shadows. The only reason you might think that is because there's actually a conspiratorial cabal running within your psyche or unconscious".
That got me thinking that if that were the case, it would make a lot more sense. Consciously I've only ever tried to do the right thing right? And felt like I've been unfairly treated by people. Well if unconsciously I was or something was making me self sabotage and ruin my own circumstances, that would make more sense.

Who knows. Maybe there's some kind of force living within the universe of my psyche (as within, so without) that is out to get me, and ruin things for me. I could believe it.
Or perhaps this is a complete projection and ignorance of my own behaviour and actions. Refusing to accept what I've done.

Maybe a bit of both. There are certainly cases I can accept blame and fault for what happened to me, but there still remain quite a bit of instances that i can still look back on, and **honestly** believe that it was unfair.

[[Lachlan Hately]] for example. I still can only believe that he's convinced himself somehow that the way he treated me and my situation was justifiable. I do not believe I actually did anything to justify it. That situation certainly feels more like a failure on his character, than mine.
