---
date: 2024-09-18 04:09
time: 04:09
last_edited: 2024-09-28 21:44
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Wednesday, 18th of September, 2024
I'm a wizard. I just had a breakthrough of importance that I am not even aware of yet.

I went to sleep with my earphones in, listening to a 2 hour [YouTube video](https://youtu.be/u3bgvJuMeco?si=fQRylueAMaEUSbcY) of Alan Watts speaking about surrendering yourself to the universe and not trying to control the power. And that when you trust the universe is when you are given that power.

I almost assuredly fell asleep for some time, only to "wake up" later still listening to it. While I was listening to it after waking up, but still trying to sleep, I think I managed to put my body asleep but keep my consciousness aware still. I felt like I couldn't stop thinking and couldn't fall asleep. Despite that I kept listening to the video, thinking when it ends, I'll take my earphones out and sleep properly.

Well, the video ended, I listened to it all for some time, and turned it off going "damn, it's 1:17 or so". Then I tried getting comfortable and actually going to sleep. Now what woke me up out of this state was rolling from my right side to my left, that kicked me out, but I was so aware that I realised it kicked me out of my dream world and back to this world.

I entered another reality. I went to my inner world. I think my wacom pen is my wand. I remember it being of importance, people in my dream telling me that it's so secret, it's a pen I can use to be creative. No one would ever know, it's like a totem from inception, keeping me anchored to my reality between worlds. Fuck man my brain can barely comprehend what it is I experienced and what I'm writing down.

I don't know if/who I should tell about this. I don't know if anyone needs to know. Do I tell Emily at headspace? I think so, the fact I did it on nearly a full moon, and I'm seeing her TODAY is too much of a coincidence not to mention it. Tamsyn from gnosis, maybe mention it to her. This might be a kind of initiative experience that she would know something about. Save it for an in person catch up tho to read the vibes before spilling too much.

Do not tell personal life people. I know you want to share, but it ruins the magic. This is for me, and me alone. No telling mils or gabs. No one from personal life, remember that.

I think it's of note that the experience happened while laying on my right side. My right brain may have been affected by gravity and steeping in cerebral spinal fluid during the wash cycle and allowed the experience to happen. While my body was still it maintained, once I shifter over to my left side it knocked me out. There's 100% a connection there, and Lyam Christopher has mentioned as such in one or some of his videos.

Anyway I actually want to document some of the dream.

When it first started shifting, I was here, but it was different. I might be remembering bits in different orders cause there were fragments, but there was definitely some kind of linear sequence that will emerge.

I was here, and I might’ve actually been asleep but remote viewing at first. The house was normal and as is, but then stuff started happening. I get the impression that I was seeing a lot before it happened, getting exposition and some kind of set up to story to ease me in.

Wait. I remember SEEING in my vision and eyes closed when it first started that I trusted something was happening. I was hearing voices, and then got a kind of game engine booting up sequence on my eyelids. Like a matrix training simulation. Which is what it was. I practiced using this body, which was me, but I guess my energy or spirit body. Or simulation body.

I need to note it somewhere so I'm going to note it here, I watched the Netflix series Maniac recently, just finished it 2 days ago on the Monday night.

Anyway, in the simulation I was doing stuff in the backyard of a house. Picking up things and using them as weapons.

I just remembered another part that I forgot. I was in an experience with the metro police from half life 2. With stun batons. I think the weapon I was practising with in that other part was this and that's why it jogged my memory. A bunch of metro police were in the area, maybe this suburb, lines and lines of them, all ordered, came to check on us and deliver food maybe? I revolted. And I had powers to beat them. I had instinctual strength and manuvers to hold my own and actuslly take some down. People cheered for me.

Just had a space out where I pressed the number 5 on my keyboard. I was remembering a time as a kid where I was in the shower with dad, so I was young because I remember seeing him naked, and he got a blood nose in the shower because the heat sometimes makes his nose bleed like that. I don't know what the significance of that is but I'm noting it.

At a point in the dream world we had made it to a kind of water park. In fact we were travelling down river with our van using a huge water crane type machine. I was driving the car and driving the crane. We got to a point where there were some sexy actors naked in the water. There were 2 girl actors who were smoking hot, like real ones that I don't know the name of. Older women, but still very attractive. And Matthew mconhey, which is interesting regarding where the rest of the story goes but also that his name is the only one I remember. Some meaning there about women and men for me for sure.

I stopped to talk to them, as if I had unlimited charisma and I was just going to get to talk to them. I did. I even asked for hugs and to get close to them. Oh shit. This was the end of the dream.

I hugged one girl, she was naked completely, i got to feel her boobs against me and body. Then I even hugged Matthew, and reminded by a recent curb episode where Larry deals with someone that hugs other men and touches his penis against there's, I did that to Matthew. I don't know what that signifies, but it felt good I think? I think he was wearing boardies and I was wearing clothes too so nothing like that, but it wasn't necessarily weird? Then I went to hug the last girl and I think I had a really big crush on this one. She was fine. She was wearing a green bikini top but no bottoms, and the other guys I was with were undoing it for me when I got closer until it was off. One of the other guys and maybe even her too were wiping their face as if they were just making out, that signified to me that perhaps it was on the cards. I got close, embraced her, closed my eyes and felt my penis against her vagina and it felt amazing. I don't think I even inserted it, but embracing her body against mine did something to me and I went to space.

That's when I rolled over and got knocked back to reality in my bed.

Fuck there's so much more that happened that I could write and delve into but I'm tired, and gonna go to sleep for another bit, my sleep must be ruined tonight.

I just remembered. There's a secret game being played. It's not a secret, but as long as you don't mention it, you can get away with playing it no matter what. I was thinking about it in my dream earlier I believe and just popped back to me as I rolled over to sleep again. Mils plays it on me. The power of suggestion is magic. She is trying to define me as a Jack she wants. When I don't play along she gets upset or mad at me. That's a system to get me to comply. The way she so openly "jokes" about doing spells on me and stuff is proof it plays a bigger role in her private life. It manifests as something to barely mention and only joke about. Do not admit to doing it and do not tell anyone about it. But the jokes are a reflection of her inner state. Now if I were to bring this idea to her, true or not, she would deny it and it would blow up in my face. If I acknowledge the game is being played that is. If I play against her, then neither of us can mention it because it would admit we are playing it, so it's magic vs magic. Mils vs me can perhaps be an allegory for me vs everything and everyone else outside of me. Reality at large. If I participate in the secret game with everyone else, then I can play with the same rules they've been playing with.
