---
date: 2024-09-23
time: 06:35
last_edited: 2024-09-23 14:50
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Monday, 23rd of September, 2024
I woke abruptly from a dream during the night.
I don't remember everything, but I remember doing a series of trials/exercises as a show of personal strength and willpower, for a group or people above me. I was being tested, in order to obtain something.

It was pretty dark and gruesome so I want to say I was proving myself and earning my freedom. Completing what was required of me in order to escape and advance my way through the ordeals. There was also others participating. And there were guards and people coercing us through.

If I were to pinpoint some mental inspiration, there was definitely some Maniac the Netflix Mini-Series, and Outlast Trials obviously.

I remember that the whole thing was falling apart, we had gotten to the end, all of the guards had turned on each other and everything seemingly seemed like it had broken and fallen apart, but it was unclear as to how much it was all "a part of the plan". There was me and 2 others left, a guy and a girl. They weren't very important, but worth noting. I was standing at a door that was seemingly holding the boss of the operation inside. We were assuming it was most likely to be empty, but the door was smooth with no door handle or anything, and then a metal handle slid out of the door, as if the handle had been activated to allow me inside.

I was in a small room full of computers and technology, and a small Asian man who was the leader of this whole thing.
I remember sitting next to him, and that's when I started getting my wires crossed because I was also laying down next to Jez in bed, and Jez felt like him against me. The physical sensation was passing into the dream.
I was doing something on my phone, I think I was showing him how I had gotten to that point. All of the previous trials had involved some kinds of networking and going into IP addresses and ports in order to unlock the next step etc. It had broken and I had refreshed and was doing it again in front of him.

Suddenly something happened. I think a woman broke in and just killed the guy. I'm getting the word smashed. And from that, it's like the whole dream/simulation just shattered and crumbled away. Suddenly I was aware of the overlap of him and Jez in bed in real life.

This experience briefly made me lucid and I felt it was as though, I'm in control now, no one else. I serve no one above me but myself. I am not to be dominated by any outside force, I am my own man and in control of my own consciousness.

In the confines of the dream, if he were to be killed, I would then be able to take over his empire, his organisation he was using to run the world from the shadows. I had nearly proven myself to him, and was going along with what he asked me, until he was destroyed. Then I was a free man and had control of everything again.

During this ending and moments of lucidity, I started seeing the back of my eyelids again. It's like the dream crashed, and I was back looking into the darkness of my eyelids again. That's when I almost started seeing drippy visuals. It all culminated in these empowering and spiritual feelings and thoughts.

Anyway, then I woke up with my alarm at 6:30 feeling rested and alert, now I'm going to go to gym.
