---
date: 2024-09-13
time: 11:06
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Friday, 13th of September, 2024
Very interesting dream last night. I really need to get better at writing these down because they really do just fall out of my head.

This dream was very lucid, despite not remembering it all at this stage.

I remember it being an end of the world type dream. There were government microwave weapons like that of [[Havana Syndrome]] that were being used on me and a girl. I don't know who this girl was, but she was important to me and the story. Now I look back and the dream feels a little bit like [[Donnie Darko]], where at the end of the world, just before we die, we're all alone. In the movie the girlfriend dies just before he does and saves the timeline.

I think we were at some kind of huge cabin in the middle of nowhere. It was on stilts, like a raised thing with a big wooden staircase up and down. I remember there being a lot of people here, but no one knew what was going on except for the Girl and I. I remember the dream ending with her and I running out the cabin and downstairs on to the wide open grass, and somehow we collapsed. I couldn't get up, and she was on top of me in a way that looked sexual, but she was out. I don't remember if she died of passed out or what happened, but it was just me with her body on top of me. I remember screaming for help. Hurting my voice, just absolutely screaming and crying out for help from the people inside. Eventually a guy came out with a drink in his hand, like they were all having a party inside and perhaps intoxicated, he came out and thought I was getting it on with the Girl, and so didn't help, and stood there going on about it. "Whooo Jack! You go man! Just rawdogging it in the field! Sneak off from the party to mack on huh" etc. Again the feeling of the world ending washed over me, I don't remember if this was actually the case, but I feel like there were nuclear bombs going off in a 360 degree angle from us. Just mushroom clouds popping up all around us, no one but me noticing what was happening.
