---
date: 2024-10-17
time: 09:13
last_edited: 2024-10-17 20:23
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Thursday, 17th of October, 2024
I've been having many dreams lately, fragments and bits and pieces from many. Last night I remembered 1 I wanted to write down.

It was about symbols, I was seeing symbols everywhere, the entire world around was covered in a lense of symbols creating it all.

It reminded me of the matrix.

The dream was me and someone else, honestly now that I'm out of the dream I feel that it may have been myself. I've heard that at first your shadow is represented by yourself, so I think I am guiding myself through these processes at this point.

We were in some building, and I was seeing flashes of symbols or something through light. I don't remember if it was sunlight or moonlight, but it was direct and powerful light. The building had a massive tower section with a staircase going around the inside wall, and in the centre a big gap all the way to the top. The sun/moonlight was open to the sky and travelled all the way through the top of this tower down to the bottom.

We found some bags of coal/coal dust, it was pure black and we had the idea to drop it all down the centre of the tower so it would all be covered black as can be and then the light would come in and we could examine just the light against the black background. We dumped the bags down the tower and it coated it all pure black. Now there was just this long black tower with an opening up the top with light coming down and through.

I was meant to see if we could see the symbols held within the light when contrasted against the black coal.
