---
date: 2024-09-08
time: 06:56
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Sunday, 8th of September, 2024
"A comfortable society where if I hadn't stepped in, no one would be doing any of this stuff"
I just dreamt a dream in which I was seeing a young boy, it looked like Thomas Faska from my primary school who was a boy everyone got me an him confused between. He was walking along talking to another boy an said something along the lines of the quote I put up top. He was wearing a helmet and elbow and knee pads as if he was about to go skateboarding.
He was walking and talking about being brave, and doing something that he had to have the courage to do in the first place. Then once he had the courage to reach a place (like knowing how to skateboard) he was able to teach others and help them reach the same spot.
He walked towards a group in the background of a bunch of other kids all standing and waiting in the correct safety protection and holding a skateboard. He walked up and jumped down onto the floor in a way he knew he would be fine because he landed safely on all the protection gear.
The camera did a 360 and then a time-lapse occurred where he now looked like J.K Simmons.
This dream also felt like a throwback to a memory or a previous dream or mine in which I was teaching people to skateboard. I have no recollection of such a memory (I never had and never could've cuz I didn't know how to) Or recollection of a dream in recent history. However the impression within the dream was a throwback to a previous memory/dream, and that symbolically the whole dream represented me.
A young boy from my primary school who I always got confused for. It's meant to be me.
The lesson is that I need to have courage and faith and believe in myself in order to look around and change the world I see for the better. If no one goes out of their way to try and change things, then nothing will ever change.
I need to be the change I see in the world. I will be the change I want to see in this world.

There was also a dream right before this one before I woke up, but I could not remember it at all, only this dream.
My alarm went off at 6:30 and I turned it off with my body while my mind was still asleep and dreaming, I think that's what woke me up and become lucid in these dreams.
