---
date: 2024-10-05
time: 21:26
last_edited: 2024-10-06 01:09
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Saturday, 5th of October, 2024
Stayed at Sineads house last night. So didn't note this dream straight away but as I went to try and sleep just now, I was getting more of the message back.

I dreamt that I was in a car, or just sitting or in the presence of Shannan. We were close, it was like we were good. Then I became briefly lucid and became aware that it was fake, and that it was a dream and it wasn't real. It kind of bummed me out very quick.

I think this is analogous to my situation will mils. I'm noticing the kind of relationship I have with her, and how it has a lot of the similar signs of a much more evolved relationship with another human, and yet, because of a fear of vulnerability and commitment, I refuse to acknowledge the relationship as such, and thus live in some cognitive dissonance where I am confused as to what I'm doing. If I'm confused, imagine mils. And then I'm really getting upset at myself when I'm punishing her for my own doing. The whole conflict is self inflicted through my own unconscious actions.

The wheel of karma spins. My own doing catches up to me and ripples back and I'm not even aware that it's me. My own doing.
I guess the next question is what is my relationship with mils, and what has changed? What was it, what is it, and what could it be?
Then I need to find what the right action is. I already pretty impulsively messages her. We can see the response and assess then.
