---
date: 2024-09-14
time: 05:46
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Saturday, 14th of September, 2024
Fuck man. So many dreams with [[Shannan Hebaiter]] in. I learnt to use her presence as a dreamsign though and became lucid a bit in a few of the dreams. I need to keep working on that, noticing the dream signs and becoming more lucid.

I don't hate anyone, I pretend tp use that emotion because the truth is I don't hate them, I hate the way they treated me. I hate the way things turned out. And I can use hatred as a wall to stop myself from feeling what I actually feel, which is sadness and love.

It's provably obvious how integral she is to my psyche. She shows up constantly and consistently even still. Even when I'm trying to tell myself to stop, even when I'm trying to tell myself I've moved on. I truly believe I have moved on, but that doesn't mean I've processed all that needs to be processed about the whole thing.

The dream was that Jev was dating Shannan and was busy or something and so asked if I would continue the date with her for some reason. That was the conception of the dream scenario but I remember being in my room. We were on my bed and behaving in a nice way. She tried to kiss me at some point, and I took it but tried not to reciprocate. We cuddled and didn't cuddle. I have to fight myself and my instincts to not care for this woman. I think during this time in my room I successfully managed to realise she would never he here and kicked her out of my dream. But she kept coming back. I kicked her out a few more times, with varying success of lucidity achieved from each time, but she kept coming back.

I just watched Maniac on Netflix last night with an episode where Emma Stone keeps getting back into Jonah Hills dream too. And I think I watched the show originally with her.

I think I got to a point where I was truly neutral with her somehow. I remember questioning myself about who's the sucker in the situation. Am I being used because she's my old ex and the now current boyfriend is passing her off to me to look after and then taking her back again? That makes me feel a bit like a chump. Or is it them because they've brought the ex back into the situation at all, especially because in one part of the dream she tried to kiss me. Is it her for trying to kiss me and if I managed to reject it or shut her down? Is there a point to someone being a sucker? Is it anyone? Why am I trying to find one in this situation?

I remember a part with something to do with the movies. We were at the movies and I feel like Lachlan was there too, so it especially felt like I was being used by this old group of people who have betrayed and backstabbed me. Lachlan may be relevant because I accidentally came across a post of Lachlan, Alex, Mitch, Liam and Shannan all in Japan together. So there you go. My old friends of mine. And no one understands the hurt I feel, I brought it up to dad (I shouldn't have in hindsight, keep it to myself) and he just wasn't phased. He said something like "well they've picked their sides. Idk if anyone asked them to, but they did." I know I'm the chump for thinking any of them were my friends. Especially a degree of friends that wouldn't backstab me in those ways.

I remember saying bye and leaving them and going back out on my own again. There was something about leaving a jacket behind, maybe at the movies, but I went back to Jevins place to pick it up. There Mia gave me some cookies she and Jev had baked, which reminded me that Jev was dating her. I asked her what the deal is. She said she still lived there, and that essentitally they were in a three way relationship. I didn't notice then, but later I told dad about the weird situation and remembered that also Shannan was dating Liam. What a clusterfuck of a thing. That too should've been a dreamsign.

Look at this dream, I'm at least grateful that I'm not going to be someone that just has the same group of friends from high school, the weird friend group incest that happens just isn't good. Plus I can outgrow it all.

I also remember asking Shannan about Psychology at university when we were in my room on my bed. She told me she quit, because she realised she didn't really like psychology that much. I wonder what the truth and reality is. I wonder if that's maybe a representation of my own beliefs. Maybe I shouldn't do Psychology at Uni. I remember too in the dream checking the date because I need to apply still before the 20th.
