---
date: 2024-09-21
time: 05:26
last_edited: 2024-09-22 23:40
tags:
  - daily
  - dream
aliases: 
---
# Dream from Saturday, 21st of September, 2024
I don't know what just happened and how real it was or if it was just a dream. I woke up at a synchronistic time like you wouldn't believe.

I don't know what's real. Or if it was "just" a dream. Or why the dream felt like that and why the story was that. It all makes too much sense for it to make no sense?

The dream was about aliens. But aliens as I know them, not as the culture knows them.
I was following some people into a facility, and it was like Black Mesa, and it felt purposely so. I don't know what it is, but something about the half life universe is weirdly prophetic. It's not the first time I've felt a weird connection to the story.

It was like I was being taken through a memory, or a story. It felt similar but not the same way I did as the other nights dream experience. I was being escorted by a man and a woman, which I don't know how true this is, but I see a parallel in Kyle and Tamsyn from Gnosis Frankston. There was also someone else with me. For some reason I think it was James Sapkin. Upon reflection I realise that he was one of my best friends growing up and now he's not in my life at all. Same as all my old friends. Idk what to think about that.

Anyway it's like I was being told a story. And we infiltrated a secret government base in a random desert somewhere. I remember saying something like "it's like the black mesa facility, but that was in America somewhere, not the bloody Gobi desert" so I know that parallel was there because I mentioned it in the dream!

I think we were being observed by aliens the whole time. The man and woman leading us seemed to know and talk about them while James and I were confused what was happening. Eventually we started putting the dots together. I remember more and more people started showing up, seemingly normal people like me, not government men in black or anything. It's like they had a plan to out number them with HEAPS of random people all hanging out doing stuff.

I remember the man and woman saying at some point something like "it isn't working, there's heaps of them coming", this continued my idea that we were somehow being watched by the aliens and that they were bringing more and more of the aliens to us. I felt like as long as we outnumbered the aliens, they couldn't or wouldn't come. But they were all coming. I heard them say that and shouted down to James who was down the other end of a reaaaaaly long room that we were all in "we're fucked, their plan didn't work, they're coming".

Then there was commotion, people started panicking and running around. I heard a conversation which sparked interest and question in my mind, they were talking about Robin Williams, and how he didn't deserve to die. It felt like that had something to do with the aliens? Like imagine that he befriended the aliens, left earth and instead went to join them, and the public story was that he died? Idk.

The rest of the dream is weird and half remembered, but this bit is the last thing that happened and what woke me up from the dream. Almost immediately and smoothly like you wouldn't believe. I just opened my eyes.

Amidst all the panic, there was a brief and instantaneous flash, like a little explosion happened on every person there. Intuitively I felt like I knew what had happened somehow. We had all been atomically anhiliated and recreated in an instant. Our physical bodies destroyed and recreated so quickly that our consciousness persisted and felt nothing except a brief blip. I thought this was the work of the aliens, some kind of upgrade. I remember saying something to the woman about it's like that allegory of God. I've heard stories about timelines changing, and being affected by God so that the past never happened, and instead it was always this way. Like if God became conscious of all the suffering that happened, he would be able to anhiliate that timeline from existence, and replace it with one free from suffering. So much so that no one would recall it ever happening, and we would only know the new good timeline.
