---
date: 2024-10-07
time: 04:52
last_edited: 2024-10-10 08:57
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Monday, 7th of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-07 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
20:35 - Just finished watching Jenny Nicholson's YouTube video about the failure of the Star Wars Hotel. I keep seeing this pattern and want to note it, it may very well be an important pattern that can inform decisions.
In the video all I kept seeing was the same enshitification that is corrupting everything in this late stage capitalist dystopia. Tiering like Uber and Netflix do. Creating different tiers and then slowly shuffling around features that used to be free and then move that behind a paywall.
Like this current situation I've seen with Ubisoft, Jenny spoke of making a product that is made in such a way that can get money out of customers approximately once or so, until that customer is burnt and that's it. She said how maybe Disney is so big that they can afford to price their product and design their product so that they can get every family in the world to travel their once, have a middling experience that they feel bad about and will never want to come back again.

THIS is what I'm talking about. It's happening everywhere and THIS is what the true crash that is coming looks like. It is happening everywhere. It's the exact analogy I used when trying to explain what happened with Ubisoft to Dad.
They found a formula and stuck to it, slowly squeezing more and more and more out of their customers and incorporating more and more anti-consumer characteristics. This inevitably pushes away certain customers from ever being a part of their consumer base again, or at least vastly diminishes their purchasing power.
Once this happens, that person has seen through the façade, an illusion has been broken and they are much more likely to see any further illusions as the illusion they are, a cheap money grab at the expense of customers. These customers are not coming back, and then the consumer base that remains shrinks. This continues until the company introduces another scam at the expense of the customers, and another group of people from that consumer base get the illusion shattered and they too leave. The consumer base shrinks again. So on and so forth until a crash happens. When the remaining idiots / customers who are still under the spell no longer works for the company.
The company this entire time I don't even think are aware of what they're doing. They must think that everyone of their customers are suckers, no one can be smart enough to see through the illusion. As long as they're seeing results from their illusion paying off, they don't get to know the reality of the situation. They don't know who are breaking free from the spell and leaving. They just keep doing the only thing they know how to do, peddle their scams and continue with their spell casting.

Until it blows up, certain things will happen and they'll start noticing ripples coming back to bite them in their arse, yet they cannot fully know what caused them. They will consistently believe that the cause of this is somehow the consumers fault, we see it time and time again. Just yesterday I saw a reddit post on r/melbourne of Kyle from the Kyle and Jackie-o radio show, it was talking of their show coming to Melbourne and it failing because we don't like their shit show. He came out calling Melbournians "Pearl Clutchers" and saying it's all our fault. It's the exact same thing. These people just do not get what it is they're doing and why it's backfiring on them.

Ubisoft is crashing, I can see the signs on the wall. And everything else is showing similar signs. EVERYTHING. I don't know what that means, but it isn't good. There is some kind of collapse, crash or shift in the world. I've already felt this through different means, but everywhere I look I see these signs now. All different stages, but similar signs nonetheless. Everything is going to crash, and if I can use this pattern to my advantage, I should learn how.

Maybe brainstorm companies and industries I can actively see these cracks forming. Where do I see it? I mean I know I see the enshitification everywhere, but there are certain places the pile of shit is getting to an unsustainable level and is about to burst. Find those places. See where's going to burst first.

WW3?

## Journal Entry
