---
date: 2024-09-16
time: 09:06
last_edited: 2024-09-16 19:38
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Monday, 16th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-16 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
11:39 - Just smoked the last bit of weed I had in my grinder. Imagine my life if I grew up with people full fucking stop. Listening to C.R.E.A.M, thinking how much better for my mental it would be to at least struggle through life with other people that get it.
This is generalising a lot, but living in a neighbourhood where all the life is generally similar, or there's some kind of culture to the way an area lives, for good, or bad, but still a culture surrounded by people that get it?

I love listening to music high. The message music can brings is awesome.

12:16 - Did the Regardie Tape Mantra for 20 mins and got messages and saw visions. I believe I'm communicating and see with the fire element. I need to embody the symbolic element of fire perhaps. I keep seeing red, and this time I saw the golden dawn cross I think, or a symbolic gesture of the tree of life?

I'm at rock bottom. It's hard yes, but I can't sit around blaming anything or anyone for where I'm at, I just need to roll with the punches and prove everyone wrong. I saw a Rocky clip (lol) saying it's not about how hard you hit, but how hard you can get hit and keep going. I've given up, I need to fight back and win my life back. Prove myself, a nobody to a somebody. If you think you can do that, then maybe you can prove yourself.

Start physically. Your physical life is the part that is struggling the most, so you cannot bridge the gap between physical world and your emotional world. This limitation stops you going any further.
I need to deal with the imprints of my local circuits. I'm stuck as a man child. A boy in a mans body. I need to initiate my self into this world and prove myself to myself.

Get. out. there. You are a 23 year old recluse with no job and now no money. Nothing else matters. Even if you had infinite money you would be the same person dealing with the same emotional problems and in fact it would probably allow you to bypass dealing with the problems and just take longer to actually heal.

Get out there. You need to get money first in this society. So job really needs to be solved. Do that. As well as that, get physically fit. Spend more time working on your body. If you get ripped and super healthy, then you'll eat better, get more in touch with your body, be more in tune with it, and most importantly you'll spend more time doing healthier things and get healthier and have a good routine doing it.

"A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything." - Malcom X

I need to stand for something. I stand for myself. Now get out there and prove to yourself what you deserve. Fight the battle. Fight to live better. Fight for what you feel you deserve and you can achieve it.

The birds are talking to me again. I remember I drew [[11. Justice]] (I just accidentally did [[16. The Tower]] first before [[11. Justice]] and I felt that was a meaningful coincidence to note down.) and that was very meaningful another time because I felt the birds judge me not ready. In [[2024-09-09 13.20 Magick Entry]] I describe exactly this situation. Same as [[2024-09-15]] I remember mentioning "I had to balance my spiritual and physical life out".
I'm just not in the physical world "living" my life. I was looking back into the past and noticed that my life was consumed by the internet and fake world way to early as a means of escapism and I've never truly adapted to my physical life traumas since. As the internet consumed me more and more and evolved to consume us more and more, I lost touch with a me that was outside the influence of the mono-culture of the digital world.
I don't go to physical spaces anymore and I just go to digital spaces that have been moulded to **BE** physical spaces. I go to YouTube, my desk, my home screen. [[3. Resources/Accounts/Steam]], maybe play some games. [[Obsidian]] the app. Instead of waking up and going to the gym, and then work, and then hanging out with friends, having hobbies. Eating well. MAKING MONEY. Being happy.
How can you expect to reach any of those activities in your current day to day life. You first need to act like it, then you can get it.
SO START ACTING LIKE IT.

13:23 - Just sent a follow up email to InnovateGPT because I've been getting notifications of them viewing my profile. Crafted it through the help of ChatGPT.
I just wanted to note that I really should start playing the game on [[LinkedIn]]. I already want to automate job applying after working on my [[obsidian]] project, the next thing could be to automate posts on the account as me, and then actually personally playing the game too at times.

I just wanted to quickly note about keeping track of services and [[accounts]] on [[Obsidian]]. I can nest notes within notes through the linking. **Password** can be a hyperlink to a random note named randomly with no metadata or anything, and the only link to it could be the page for that service. All links that are intended to be private can be done this way. And then I can even save hyperlinks to the services in the notes too so that I can essentially keep the bookmarks to websites in here instead of in a browser! That's another impressive layer of the system.

Back to [[LinkedIn]] briefly, following the concept of these digital spaces now acting as physical spaces, I noticed very few people I know are actually in the LinkedIn ecosystem. Now that could be a bad indicator or a good indicator, but it is hard to argue it is not an indicator of something. If I leave the Instagram bubble of life and instead migrate to spending the same time and energy on LinkedIn in the LinkedIn digital mindscape, I will almost assuredly cultivate some kind of new way of living and develop a persona to play in there.
It sure seems like a good place to represent yourself to the other people on there, and then to connect with other people while representing you're someone of authority or knowledge. Playing in there seems like a really good idea actually.
Well at least testing it, I'm unsure as to how botted and dead LinkedIn is. It could be either just as dead as Instagram and the rest of the internet I know well, or somehow it's a safe haven in there and no business bro has figured out ai efficiently for their own personal [[accounts]]? I can test it with various degrees of actually investing my soul and person into it, or use the system with AI as a vehicle for funnelling true personal endeavours and interactions.

13:45 - I need to start tracking and visualising the different words and spaces I travel to. The internet and the digital world IS The Shimmer. Every time you open YouTube you go through a portal into the YouTube realm.

I should make AI follow behind me in [[Obsidian]] and correct and red squiggles and automate the formatting and cleaning up so that I can just type away. It always derails my train of thought. I want to try and make my life one big train of thought. No getting off or travelling to spaces that do me harm, just one big go with the flow. Maybe that's what the flow state is. I need to practice it. Detox of my shitty life.

Tracking the portals and spaces I travel to will allow me to hold myself accountable and see the reality of my situation.

In [[Daily Note Outlining|daily notes]], track track digital usage everywhere. And personal activity too. Automate it and find a way to visualise it in [[obsidian]] using the [[Periodic Notes Plugin]].

Need to find a way to make [[obsidian]] files directly from the journal directory too without it making it in a journal format and make it spawn in the [[Zettelkasten Directory]].

12:43 - I got a response from InnovateGPT saying I was on a shortlist and might be contacted today or tomorrow. Not bad.

15:18 - "All you need is 5 good lies and your set for your life" - Leon Black

16:45 - Just played some outlast trials and chilled, back to obsidian.

19:32 - Fuck man this obsidian shit has got hands. My brain is just struggling to work on it and I think that's because I've done the thing the [[PARA Method]] was meant to stop me doing, I've over complicated things. I just need to take it back down to a basic level. Just use notes. I think I've gone wrong trying to make separate directories and folders and everything which is essentially making me nest and organise everything twice and it's confusing the shit out of me. I need to just make all the different "areas" like accounts and books just be TYPES of notes within Zettelkasten I think. I don't know if I'm just getting [[PARA Method - Area|Areas (PARA)]] and [[PARA Method - Resource|Resources (PARA)]] confused again. ugh I'm just losing it. I'm giving up for today and gonna try and start again from a more basic level again tomorrow. The second time I've reworked it in this project to find a simpler way to do it.
Instead of automating templates I could really just use shortcuts to insert the relevant templates. That would honestly work better if they're all in the [[Zettelkasten Directory]].
Giving up for today, try again tomorrow. I think I'm gonna try and go to gym as well.

Also moved my obsidian vault back to onedrive since I stopped using Obsidian Sync and haven't set up a server for myself yet.

## Journal Entry
