---
date: 2024-10-05
time: 21:26
last_edited: 2024-10-06 00:06
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Saturday, 5th of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-05 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
21:26 - Watching They Cloned Tyrone
Going to take mental notes as they come

Money is the problem. Money has evolved us as a species, and devolved us as a consciousness.

What if technology evolving is the devolution of humanity also? The direction is perceived to be upwards, but that same force, from a different perspective is actually the opposite. That other perspective is from humanity and consciousness.
We are becoming more and more unconscious, which is an unconscious force towards a more conscious consciousness.
Being asleep, but through certain acts of sleepwalking, we can occasionally open our eyes and see, before going back to sleep and continuing the exact same sleepwalk.

Me. Especially me. That is the Truth. Whether my ego likes that truth or not.

I need to start living my "waking consciousness" in order to start living more awake.

Paradox is the pattern. The pattern is paradox.
Oh God, [[The Paradox Synchronicity]].

23:52 - Thinking how i should get a super powerful flashlight, like a fucking magic spell of light type power. And also some form of night vision, depending on price and factors.
How different is having those things compared to actually having spells to be the way to achieve the same goal? If I pull out my pocket a flashlight that can light up the night impressively so(like those stupid bright ones on the internet), vs having a magical spell up my sleeve to cast a spell of light? I. Am. A. Wizard.

Having the ability of night vision or a bright flashlight are genuinely unlockable abilities. Like a video game if you really want to get to that level.
Take that into consideration. Money coming in, long term goals, ability unlocks, investing skill points, time, energy.
It's all an energy manipulation game. Learn the meta of the energy manipulation game, and you learn how to manipulate the whole system. A back-door to the game we all play. Hacking. Magic. Whatever. It's all a story. Learn to read and write. Invest your time wisely.

## Journal Entry
