---
date: 2024-09-05
time: 13:58
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 5th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-05 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
13:58 - I just had a very intense weed and meditate session. I might be having a kundalini awakening. I feel like I might be gaining new sight like my third eye. I did a TCR earlier today and I just had some visions and thoughts about the symbolic meaning.

I started the Secret of the Golden Flower today

## Journal Entry
19:03 - I've chilled out for the day, listened to my body and chilled out, but I should go over what happened today.
I had some interesting experiences today. I smoked weed earlier in the day, before mid day but not early either. It was actually a bit after I did my Magickal Diary today [[2024-09-05 11.53 Magick Entry]]. I thought doing the rituals would help to get ready for the weed headspace and meditation. Toby got home from wagging school at some point, and I went outside and smoked a bit. I watched the new [[After Skool]] video about [[Guy Ritchie]] and [[Joe Rogan]] talking about the [[Hero's Journey]] and finding oneself. He spoke of the Christian story about [[The Prodigal Son]], and drew parallels from the story with a story of the inner world. We are both the father and also the 2 sons. The sensible son that stayed home is the logos and rational mind, and the Prodigal son that has come back home asking for forgiveness is your own journey back to yourself, asking for your own forgiveness for leaving and coming back.
He spoke of the hero's journey in reference to his film [[King Arthur]] (Which I've not seen either btw and probably should), and I also saw parallels with [[The Northman]] movie by [[Robert Eggers]]. That the hero's journey is a layer to the story telling of movies and "stories" that always exists, it's there for anyone who can see through the rest of the movie to see the wisdom hidden within.

After that, as the weed kicked in more and more, I prepared to sit down on the floor with my legs crossed on my pillow and mediate. This is where stuff happened.
During the meditation, like always, my heart rate got higher and higher. I was doing breath work and bringing energy to my heart centre. My heart rate continued to get higher through this process. My breath when it returned to natural breathing, is actually really quiet and shallow and calm. I tell myself that while this is happening, "No one has died from weed", "No one smokes weed, meditates, and gets so calm that they have a heart attack", "This happens every time and you know it's just fear", but these worries are hard to answer. I stopped and googled what high heart rate during meditation means. I came across the idea that perhaps it has something to do with kundalini. I explored further and maybe it has something to do with it. I still feel somewhat out of my depth considering I don't really know what kundalini is, but I trust that I must be ready for whatever step in the process I am in, otherwise I wouldn't be here, experiencing this.

I've already been thinking that focusing on my heart was actually just energy, that it's not my heart rate going up, but my heart energy or something. I tried focusing and committing to my heart energy, and while believing in it being heart energy, it actually stopped feeling as bad and like it was a heart attack. I felt like I was vibrating, I felt like so much energy was surging through me. I recorded myself after I stopped googling about the heart rate. I took out my earphones so I could hear the physical world at some point, and then started hearing noises coming from my body. I was unsure if they would be audible in the recording and if the audio was being recorded from my earphones. I placed them on the top of my ears, just balancing. Before that actually, I got up and turned off my desktop PC because it sounded way too loud for it to just be idling away. I thought that perhaps the energy surging through my energy field could've been affecting it, although that's complete imagination in the moment and conjecture. No idea if that's a thing or not.

This next bit of meditation got crazier and crazier. I started seeing energy differently. I was seeing symbolism from the tarot card contemplation ritual I did earlier today.
The dirty man in the water looking at the women was about my desire locked into the physical and appealing realm. Trapped seeing reality for the physical realm, because of the temptations it brings. As Lyam Thomas Christopher as mentioned also, we view women as a desire for divinity. In songs and movies, often a blind is that we think the woman is actually a woman and the story is about romance between the man and woman. But Lyam says that this is a blind that can be revealed to show that these stories are actually analogies for the pursuit of re entering the divine realm. Returning to god. Like returning to the vagina, the womb, going back from whence you came. We came from the divinity, we desire to return.

I am however stuck tempted by the seduction of real women and physical reality. Through the transcendence of this desire however, leads to the top point of the triangle, which I felt was my third eye, but also during this mediation I felt like I got in contact with my Holy Guardian Angel. As Magick is defined by gaining Knowledge and Conversation with my Holy Guardian Angel, I felt as though that was what was happening.

I was hearing the birds from the outside world, but hearing them very strongly and synchronistically with the visions. The card also showed a man with the aura of a bird. He seemed to be standing on some kind of podium, like he was doing the judging of the judgment card.
I think the judgement coming to me is not what I proposed in my Magickal Diary entry, but that I am to be judged by myself, as to whether I am capable of my third eye or not. I'm experiencing a trial, one in which I need to prove myself in order to advance to the next step. This next step might be further communication or actually receiving some kind of upgrade to my third eye sight.

Yesterday while mediating in the woods, I was genuinely disconnecting from physical reality and when opening my eyes and seeing what's in front of me, I was seeing geometry and patterns like I was high on shrooms. I had smoked weed again, an hour or less before that, but impressive nonetheless.

I feel like the weed is a tool that is helping me get somewhere, I'm just scared I'm using it incorrectly or like I "NEED" to be doing it sober for some reason. Idk, but so far I'm getting results with it, I'm going to continue.

After this whole thing, I didn't feel ready to be judged right now. I felt like my mind and body are too separated. So I got up and tried to listen to my body some more. I felt more aware of it's voice or wants. I was hungry, so I decided I would eat. I saw the Schnitz card for a free small chips, so I decided I would go eat there and claim my small chips. The action of driving there and back felt slower and more meaningful compared to getting kfc and eating it at my desk, which was my first plan.

Afterwards I felt like I should be reading [[The Secret of the Golden Flower]], and that it held answers I needed right now. I decided I would hop in bed, get comfy and read for a bit.

It's a heavy read and so I got through the forewords and up to page 21 and I felt like I had to take a break. So then I sat on my phone for a bit, now on my computer and that is the day so far.

**I just remembered**, when I was charging up energy and felt like I was surging with energy, Jez was outside my door pawing at the door trying to get in. It felt like she could feel my energy and wanted to see what was happening.
And when I laid down on my bed to read [[The Secret of the Golden Flower]], I had Jez on the bed with me. I was still in a energy based headspace and closed my eyes and tried to see and feel her energy. I put my hand on her and tried to send energy to her to help her with her itching and health issues.
