---
date: 2024-09-24
time: 11:47
last_edited: 2024-09-24 15:20
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Tuesday, 24th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-24 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
11:50 - Had an hour float session at Private Seas Wellness Centre. Spoke with Tom afterwards and briefly asked if they had any job vacancies. He said they restructured their work system late last year so they're not looking for any people at the moment. However he said that it doesn't hurt to send through my resume to their email, as if any job openings open up, they have a stack of resumes they will likely go through. I can just add my resume to that pile.

Also was reminded that I could buy [[Joe Di Iorio|Dad]] the introductory float package as a present, considering I didn't get him a birthday present. $155 for the 3 float session introductory package. Could get it for him and then have his first session with my last.

I've got one more session and was thinking about potentially doing a drug with my next session. I could smoke weed as that is a lighter and quicker high compared to shrooms, but shrooms is another possibility. Think about it. Might be smarter to just keep doing it sober, especially considering I'm trying to balance drug use with sober experiences in meditative headspaces. I don't need drugs to get there, but still struggling with the "drugs are cheating" mindset vs "drugs are just chemicals, your brain is just chemicals, there's no such thing as cheating" mindset.

### Takeaways from the Float Session
I got an impression that I need to sync with my brains first before syncing with my heart. I want to process the energies within my heart and live through my consciousness from a more heart centred place, but as I was feeling that I got a bit of headache pain in the top left of my head, which I used to signify me living too much through my left brain. Upon living more with my right brain or my whole brain in totality, then maybe I can start to live within my heart energy too.

I noticed that when I think up in my head, I really do see things and visualise imagery much more than when I was attempting to feel my heart energy. Where I focus my consciousness really does feel different in different parts of me.

I need to just be living more and spending more time doing things in the external world around me. I've gone too long living in my mental realm without influencing the environment around me and without really noticing the world around me too. When I was thinking of what I need to do going forward, my thigh twitched once, and then a little bit later along the same stream of consciousness, my calf twitched 3 times. I felt this was indicating me to walk, and move and do things in the outside world more. I'm already starting to move towards that, but I just need to keep going. Keep living.

I noticed towards the end of the session how heavy my body actually was after floating for almost an hour. Like being in physical reality actually does use up a lot of energy just manoeuvring this body etc.

As a complete takeaway from the session, I mostly feel I just need to keep walking the path I am walking. Continue doing what I'm doing. I'm on the right path, I just need to commit to it, and continue to grow. Obviously I feel like I need to commit properly to setting up my [[Obsidian]] system in order to continue organising my life moving forward. But other than that, just keep going.

**Reality is what you can get away with.** And I feel like if I give anything in my life the time and energy I need, I'm capable of achieving and getting away with anything.

I also remember hearing a bird noise while I was in there. It was the same bird noise that I am usually able to hear from my bedroom window. That too was a sign to spend more time outside.

### Parts Work
On the drive home I felt like it would be a good idea to start doing some kind of *parts work*, where I write down some of the personas or parts within me. Examples; The Wizard, The Techno Wizard, The Techy, The Hippie, The Professional, The Druggie, The Shaman, The King. All of these are some kinds of personas within Jack that affect and influence Jack at different times and in different ways.

I was thinking about the way I'm almost like a chameleon at times, where depending on the circle I'm in or people I'm around, I play a different persona. If these people knew me in the ways I obviously know myself, they wouldn't be able to believe the kinds of multitudes that exist within me. In attempting to get this new job at InnovateGPT, I'm having to play The Techy and The Professional in a convincing and effective way in an attempt to get the job. And if I prove myself worthy and manage to get the job, I'll have to be effectively living in those personas for a good chunk of time.

What brought this idea up was that if I manage to get my van, and the job permits some kind of remote working, I might be able to be a techy AI professional nerd, while living out of a hippie van doing drugs living that kind of free lifestyle. It's a bit of a clash, but I could learn to separate it and effectively do it.

### Innovategpt Job Interview
At 10:24, after completing my float session I received an email from Hiba at InnovateGPT confirming my interview tomorrow, providing the time and address. The interview is not going to be just an interview like I thought, but instead I have been provided the goal of creating a 10-15 minute presentation to present.

15:13 - I'm working on my presentation for the job interview tomorrow, and trying to sit down and commit to work like this is showing me how badly affected my attentional systems are. The last time I properly had to try and commit my brain to such work was probably in high school, because I don't think that was even quite the same as it was during my University tenure.

It's been so long since I've had to do this kind of work and committing myself in this way that it becomes really obvious I've not done it in a long time. It's like a muscle I haven't used properly in a long time, and because of the nature of my existence since school, I've not even noticed I've not been using it. It's bad, like really bad. I don't even know how to move forward like this other than to keep trying and committing myself. If it's like a muscle I've not used, I need to start working it out.

If I'm going to work in such an industry that I need to use this muscle more often, I really need to get a grip of myself, get [[Obsidian]] working the way I want and get my workflow and life built into and around such systems. It can be a symbiotic relationship that improves me in all areas while it improves my life in areas. As my systems get better to help me live my life, so too will my life get better. All in all everything will continue to rise and go up. I'm just on the ground floor right now building the foundations, I know the building will soon be erected, but it won't get there without me putting in the required work and effort.

## Journal Entry
