---
date: 2024-10-10
time: 14:09
last_edited: 2024-10-11 16:31
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 10th of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-10 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
14:09 - Some things that need doing.
- Send references, first aid certificate, working with children check and confirmation of life saving training on weekend to Gaston at PARC by tomorrow.
- Get my council voting ballot from Mum and complete by tomorrow
- Submit my SEAS application by tomorrow and finalise my uni submission on VTAC
- Complete LSV pre-course work before I start on Saturday.\
- Make my new super with AustralianSuper
- Want to scrub previous online personas like my google accounts and make new ones for starting my job on Monday. At least creating a new google account to use for my professional world that isn't plagued by previous uses and sign ups.
- In accordance with the above, track and write down my online presence and personas more concretely in Obsidian, and use bitwarden as my password manager to get out of google chrome and google accounts.
- Need to change Microsoft account and Samsung account email ties
- Delete Facebook presence, delete or anonymise my Instagram account and stop using it. Make new Facebook and Instagram accounts that are not tied to my identity and instead can be used as a different persona.

21:23 - I had a gummy and spoke to dad about afl and she development of culture through time and what money has done to the world.

I recognised how dad said gold and weed used to be the same price and that weed has stayed the same and stayed affordable while gold has increased. Its built into inflation. Control over the culture and life and what is allowed and what is "normal".

Now I'm watching "I Think My Friends Hate Me". I'm noticing the pattern. It's making me think about "Coherence". That movie that i watched the other day. About timelines changing because of the passing celestial object.

We have that "second moon" right now. Similar. The pattern.

I'm noticing the pattern again.

Harry in this movie is the comet of coherence.
He's a form of decoherence wrecking through The Main Characters life. His timeline is shifting / the narrative of his reality is being manipulated and controlled by this outside force.

There is also analogy of spiritual lives and experiences of different individuals. The posh wanker that is partying and hasn't grown up. Imagine his life as analogous to the path one can choose to travel through life. Learning spiritual lessons through samsara. Repeating incarnations until we evolve and live a better life.

There are frightening parallels fo these stories and my life. Even the title is strange.

21:52 - The main character just did ket too.

Im reminded of the strangeness of "Beau is Afraid" and the way that too has been strangely analogous in ways to my life too.

The way i didn't just like the idea of shooting ducks in the movie.

Harry keeps taking notes of what the MC is doing and can use his reactions to affect his life. Manipulating reality. The narrative.

Is it a quantum jump? Is this all just paranoia in the lead up to my real life quantum jump. I'm not sure.

Angela has been in Croatia, helping kids I think? Refugees or the like perhaps? Like the Main Character keeps mentioning.

22:01 - Fear. The theme of fear. Fear of the future.

This movie deals with the shadow. Archie just fell to the same action as the rest. Experience of the shadow making one question oneself.

Even more so now. Crying upon seeing himself for what he really is.

I think i just experienced the cosmic joke in a movie format.

That fucking movie was awesome by the time it ended.

23:44 - Holy shit this movie "Its Whats Inside" is insane. Spiritual anhiliation.

Anhiliation. The paradox of existing without existing.

Rebirth.

Like outlast trials. I've been prepared for this point. I'm ready for the rebirth.

That movie is fucking nuts.
That's spiritual and Buddhist n shit. Wtf.

Its about feminine energy making the masculine energy pay. Wow. I want to do an analysis of this movie.

Its inside of me. Deep inside. This feminine vengeful spirit. I've accidentally stumbled my way through magic. I've focused my energy on something so much I've summoned it as a demon from inside to the outside. It's in my projected sphere.

00:52 - I can talk to the outside. I can see it sometimes. In mils. In things. Its my shadow.

I already know this. That time on weed I kept seeing myself and my reflections.

The only thing watching me is me. My shadow. My shade. And this thing is deep in there somewhere, like a virus. A deep impulse and desire for chaos and destruction and cunning plans for downfall.

Ai is a tool. It cannot be conscious the way we are. Idk maybe that's cockiness of the human. But i must use it as a tool.

You get better answers the better questions you can give it. The regulated ones can even be jailbroken to see how they have been setup.

## Journal Entry
