---
date: 2024-09-06
time: 10:50
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Friday, 6th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-06 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
10:50 - Smoked weed earlier after the magick diary, chilled out about. At this time I went for a walk with Jez.
11:30 - got back from a walk by myself after doing it with Jez and decided to spend some time living instead of in my thoughts and head. So I decided to lock in more, and do whats holding me back. Finish setting up Obsidian. At the very least I wanted to try and convince myself I was working a shift from 11:30 until 5.
12:00 - decided that I was still feeling meditative effects and decided instead of working on Obsidian which is all mind work. I should work on my detached mind and body energies, and that working on all this mental work on Obsidian would not be good. Instead I'm, going to try and meditate and focus on my kundali experiences. If that was feeling like I was getting close to the separation of mind and body, that's a good thing to do also.
This is where I find it hard to tell what's the truth and right thing to do. Am I making excuses to not work on obsidian and instead mediate or what?
I'm fine, meditating is good. How can it be bad?
12:01 - Just got up to get ready to mediate and got lost in an idea. I was thinking about the photos I took in this outfit, and that the blocking of the face was cool. It made me think of the black boxes and blurred faces of real life censorship. And how it translates well now to Unreal Engine and those Bodycam style shooters.
I could so 3d scan my body, or make a digital avatar for my character and produce things using that avatar. I was picturing a music video in the essence of MF DOOM as the base of the ideas of a fictional character game from him and his portrayal in music.
I could pass real life music videos off as actually being completely digital and hide behind the veneer of the fake persona, and fake actor playing the fake persona. Go layers deep with it.

Then that lead me to the idea of those really good human scans in Unreal Engine and game engines now, that perhaps I could create a completely digital and fake avatar of my self. I first thought of a digital 3d scan of me, but then that digitises a scan of me and still shows people me. If I create a completely different face model, and human body model, I might even be able to hide as a digital actor.

This lead to the idea of if those engine's are as good as I think, and with AI the way it is now, maybe you could fake a lot of different people and identities? Maybe using such high res scans of digital doubles, you can create a fake "real person" behind the identity of a fake online persona.

First thing that came to mind was fake ID's for digital use somehow. Somewhere that they are useful in not physical. Maybe falsify whole ID's just digitally?

Maybe just of making armies of digital AI bot's online look real enough to pull off the psyops like I mentioned.

Just had an idea for taking pictures of my outfits in order to start cataloguing outfits I used and also to catalogue the items in my wardrobe inventory I use.
This can lead to individual notes and pictures cataloguing the individual items that make up the outfits, in a nested and structured nice way.
Then we can also track outfits used in the daily notes, and track clothes that get used and the frequency of uses.
All this data is beneficial.
Remove clothes from the inventory that don't get used and don't have good outfits with it in.

OK, back to meditation.

12:15 - Thoughts of dune 2.
What is Paul and what does he believe, how does that make his story come true. The belief and action in participating in such a story makes it true.
Belief in a messiah coming from somewhere else, brainwashes those that believe it to continue to wait for someone other to come.
That it isn't them and they shouldn't try.

Paul knows of this prophecy created by the Bene Gessirit and doesn't want to use the belief against the fremen people. He knows it fits him, he knows the witches created it for a kind of situation he is in. He knows he can make such action, but he wishes not to. Until he has to, and realises his truth.

By believing in his truth, he made that belief reality. He used the belief in the religion of the fremen, and the prophecy, and that lead him to realise himself. He was no longer hiding from his destiny and path.
As Gurney says in the film "Anyone can see you path and that it's to violence".
He hid from it as long as he could, but he had to do it. And once he started believing in himself and his place in the prohecy, reality was his. He was running the movement and playing his role in the story of his reality at the time.
*addition at 12:44* - The messiah doesn't become a messiah without believing he might be the messiah. The messiah is unknown to the messiah, until he tries to be the messiah. The messiah can be anyone.

12:25 - I should do parts work. Identifying parts of my psyche as other to solidify it more. To notice when it's playing through me. Find archetypes of my inner world.
The ideas I'm having atm about ai and psyops sound super villain / mad scientist vibes.

Silence shouldn't be loud. Silence should feel nice. Too much silence can hurt. The right amount of silent isn't actually very silent.
A quiet silent night camping by a camp fire listening to the crackle and natural sounds like crickets and animals, isn't actually very silent compared to the deafening kind of silence.

It's the same with isolation. There is too much isolation. We all live private lives, but we need people. We do. It's deafening silent in my room and when I meditate, it's hurt my head a little bit, the silence gets so LOUD.
I could be meditating in a wood cabin in the Amazon forest with an open viewing platform open to the sounds of nature. That's the kind of natural silence you should have. How beautiful would that be.
The only reason my room is so silent, is because my life is so silent. I don't even exist. But I need people in my life. And I need to be living a life.

12:33 - You know an exciting life is possible for you yet you don't live it.

My entire life has had trauma that had built up walls to protect me, but they prevent my participation and perspective on reality. The walls once built to protect me, are now blocking me from living the life I want to live.
They need to be taken down, and the wound needs to be healed.
Then I can see better. Be better.

All my life has been seen through the perspective of previous hurt. I'm gone more and more into my shell throughout my life, as walls and barriers and people have pushed me in. Until it's now gotten to a point where that's the way I walk. I have walked myself into my shell about as much as one can. I am not living my life. I have died. I had visions today while laying with Jez meditating of me being a corpse. Or being asleep.

The fly buzzing around me in real life appeared in the vision, signalling the better symbolism of such a corpse that lives an asleep / dead life.

I then went to viewing the body as asleep, and imagined using a body I've never used before because I've been asleep for so long. Like the Matrix, "Why are my eyes sore? Because you've never used them before".

12:42 - Decided to get up to piss. Maybe gonna smoke a bit more and go straight to meditating this time. No pissfarting around on YouTube beforehand.

12:46 - It is easy to criticize from the sidelines. Know what you stand for and believe in. You stand for something, or you stand for nothing.

12:50 - Just smoked. About to meditate.
Just got the idea of body dysmorphia for myself. And beauty standards. I just imagined myself as a fit yogi, like I looked good, I wasn't jacked or big, but I was not a stick that's for sure. I envisioned a way of me looking fit and nice without it being me tried to be a jacked guy.

That made me think there's probably some internal traumas from conditioning and beauty standards. Plus I know that there's a tiny bit of hurt in being called a stick, cuz it's been a repeatedly used word by woman throughout my life.

The idea of a metaverse /meta-reality.
If I wanted to really deeply and want to go meditate in an Amazonian tree house among the forest. And really nice and perfectly built to whatever I desire. I could do this in real physical reality if I have enough freedom and money. However if I cannot participate in that story in physical reality because, I don't know, I don't have access to the freedom and money to do so, then my next option is to find some kind of similation of that reality, on a meta-reality sense.
I could digitally and virtually recreate the exact (or to best estimations) virtual representation of an imagined experience, like that of the Amazonian tree house meditation spot. Plug in a virtual reality headspace and you can participate in a meta-reality entirely as desired by the imagined mind.

However it's easy to see the likeness of scenarios, and that the only thing preventing participating in your imagined reality is the lack of freedoms imposed on you, and lack of capital or equity to make those imagined realities real. Therefore if I were a certain level of rich and had a different set of rules to my freedoms imposed on me than I currently do, I may be able to make an imagined reality, true reality.

Imagined reality should be regarded as;
I^r = Imagined reality
This could be a likened to equations I was working with the other day.
Note to self, keep working and accumulating knowledge on this equational thinking.
It feels smart.

14:00 - I made contact with what I believe is my holy guardian angel. Throughout the meditation I felt like i was unifying my mind and body souls as depicted in my Sun card today. Then I felt like I got back to judgement and was faced with the light. I had a vision or the light being a golden champion, and that he stabbes me in chest with a sword when I was younger. It felt like being stabbed through the heart by love and life. Betrayed by what symbolically feels to be your saviour and parental figure. The light should be on my side? I think the light is the sun from the judgment card perhaps.

The sun didn't love me. The light looked down on me living in my mind and body and felt envious. He is the great looming sun in the sky, yet these humans get to play and dance in my walled paradise. Perfectly happy, unified. Masculine and feminine, earth and water, mind and spirit, earth soul and mind soul. I was stabbed through the heart and subsequently fell to the dark.

There I continued living, I forgot I had been stabbed in the heart by the light. Through his sword of light he pierced my skin, stabbed my heart and removed his sword. My skin left no markings. I forgot this happened, and continued to live my life as if there was light within me.

I've been hurt, over and over and over again. Every where I have looked it has been me against the world. I have built up walls. I have trauma from the way everyone in my life has treated me up until this point. I cannot heal until I face my traumas and resolve them.

The wound cut me deep. I grew up in the shadow of the light (shadow of my life) without ever knowing. This poisons a mind. It is damaging to a growing psyche.

AsI became separate from the world, i became separate from my world too. I lost myself. I became cynical, I felt I saw the world for what it was, and that was a fasley claimed loving universe.

Religion never felt much to me from a young age because of this. The first question someone like me would say to a God like this existing is that how would he let the world be like it is? Why is it so bad? Why do good people go through bad things? Why does it look like bad actions are actually the thing that gets rewarded? Why don't I feel right? Why don't I feel connected to anything or anyone in this world the way I feel I should?
I realised I started dipping into my own thoughts there now, not just the kid.

But this is how the darkness evolves. You are 70% water. Now imagine someone put a tiny bit of poison in, say 0.01, so you've got that much poison and 69.99 water.

But over time the poison bleeds into the water just a tiny bit by tiny bit. This water is sitting there for a long time and eventually the poison just learns to spread.

It starts off with me acting as if I'm not poisoned, but it progresses. I see patterns emerge. I become more cynical, I learn to see through all the lies. I also learn to see that the way I am treated is justified became I continue to be treated that way. Everything poisonous i see about the world, continues to add to the previous thing. Everything reinforces itself.

My life progresses, and I continue to get more and more sick by the poison inside me. The vision I had of light existing in my life continued to diminish. I came to expect the light to treat me a certain way, and so I was never surprised when it did. I lost desire to continue a while ago. But I could never event want to kill myself. If I were to die, now that's a different story, but I was never gonna be the person who kills himself. I had that instilled in me early on I guess.
Anyway, I continued to walk, I never stopped, couldn't stop, there was no way forward, but the forward, and I got tired. I'm really tired. I'm exhausted. The light has been gone so long and I look around at my life and wonder where it all went wrong.
I feel sorry for the little Jack, the one back in time, he thought his life was going to be better than this. I don't know what I did to get so off track. To get so low. But I've been rock bottom for a couple years now. Every time you think you've hit rock bottom it turns out you find there's a basement.
I don't know how I'm still going. I don't know why either sometimes. And growing up believing that nothing you feel is validated because you also Know that people have it worse. What are you meant to do about your feelings when you need to think of EVERYONE else's.
I've forgotten how to feel my own. I lost touch with myself a long time ago, and forgot it was there. A part of me that isn't so poisoned by the world. The way I could've been if it had been another story. An opposite of this Jack.
I am living the life of a Jack consumed by the darkness, however acknowledgement of that "Dark Jack" implies the existence of "Light Jack". Jack needs go unify with his light. He has been overly consumed by the dark, like the night sky, it is dark, yet there is light, small amounts compared to the dark. "If you ask me, the lights winning" as Rust Cole says at the end of True Detecive season 1.

This darkness caused me to stray so far from the light. If I were living a life within the light, perhaps I could live a life more in tune with my soul path.
After all, throughout the time of living in the darkness, I managed to find salvation in unlikely places.

14:38 - I need to learn to feel my earth soul. I still have work to do. After being going into my astral body and seeing how I live my life, and how I could live my life, I made contact with my Holy Guardian Angel, where I was judged to be not ready for the next quantum leap yet, as I still have work to do in this physical reality. I struggle too much to do stuff in physical reality, and I need to commit to living my life again.
I need to stop with the isolation and living my life behind all the walls I've set up. By making change to my living life here on physical reality, I can take steps to shifting my mental reality and state of gnosis too. Like knocking a line of domino's. All I must do is knock over the first Domino. This is my first Domino to topple so that I can start the rest falling.
I just tripped out on the psychic Domino connected to the character I've made [[Dexter Domino]]. Like it was all planned from the beginning lol.
I must take action, I live too much of my life in my head, i need to start doing things with my hands more. I need to go back to living. I need to get entangled with life again. I think talking to Kyle and Tamsyn from Gnosis Frankston I had a related moment. Something that's also come up in other representations, my podcast today too.
I should stop trying to untangle myself from living in the mess of life, I need to go into the fun world. I need to almost get tangled again, just start living in life again. I've been removed too long.
The steps I can take are those towards living a more physically fulfilling life, then the spiritual development will entangle. Both working hand in hand is how I will grow and develop as a person. I need to grow right now, and if I'm honest with myself, I know what I need to do, but I keep coming up with excuses for why I can't do it. Or I'm not standing behind myself and believing I can so I don't try.
I am my own worst enemy. I can't keep giving into myself, I must beat the part of me that has false beliefs. I must destroy my limiting beliefs. Work hand in hand with physical reality and mental reality, and back myself, and I can achieve whatever I want to achieve. I most only open my ears so I can listen, and discipline my mind so I will follow through.

14:50 - I just remembered I saw through Outlast Trials. The meta narrative is brainwashing and destroying the Reagents belief systems so they will believe in Murkoff. However the narrative devices it uses are applicable to any individuals life.
We can use them to not fall victim to anyone's brainwashing, identify the patterns used, the stories they tell and how they tell them and the way those stories influence us. When you can see those patterns of the stories they tell us, you can see through them. When you can see through them, you can learn to craft your own subliminal stories.
Use their meta narrative devices to craft my own meta narrative to shape me the way I want, instead of theirs.
Or alternatively too, instead of building something using their tools, we can also unbuild what they have done to us. Is the state of nonbeing truly the right answer as opposed to creating something new? I don't know.
The point is, by analysing the Outlast Trials, we can see the psychological tricks they are using and how they are using. Reverse engineering it can actually provide knowledge to the individual.
*Another note*
As Outlast Trials also shows, it all comes through manipulation and passing along of someone's Truth into another's truth. This is the same with power. By manipulating the truth, so too can the people with power manipulate other people with lesser power. I believe the prime assets have been convinced that the world they are living in is different than the one the reagents live.
Psychologically they have a narrative that allows them to be in a position of power over the reagents, yet they're ultimately a tool of Murkoff as they are a stone on which to grind the axe that are the Reagents against.
By the elites giving lesser people an obviously or even obliviously worse amount of power, that power can too be used to corrupt them. Think of a ceo at the top, whoever are the secondary and third layers of his hierarchy may or may not know their place, but they have power below and above others. This is the domination and submission circuit in play.
We learn our place in the pecking order, what we can and can't get away with. Who is above us, and who is below us.
I believe I've learnt that I've been imprinted with a low level position in the domination submission circuit. And thus have lived a life accordingly. My true place in the pecking order and pack.

15:25 - I just walked to KFC to get something to eat. As I walked out the doors with my order in my hands I was greeted by a crow/bird on the bird who looked at me and felt like a dreamsign and a symbol. I immediately thought of their myth in the Ancient Greek Mythology, where the crow was the messenger (I thought of death but no, just a messenger). They were originally white but when they seemed to take delight in informing Apollo of his wife's infidelity, he turned their feathers black.
Anyway I seemed to take it as an omen of death in the moment. We shall see if it's symbolic meaning proves to come true. I wish no one in my life death. But if death seems to occur following this incident and an impactful way, I will know.

18:07 - I realised today the irony and paradox of my reality checks. When I'm supposedly awake in this world, it is the dream. The point of checking when you're awake and not is not to determine when you're awake or not, but actually to find out that when you think you're awake, that is when you're actually asleep, living in this dream world.
I am the dreamer. The dreamer has woken up. It is time to construct the dream as I live it.
The reality check is to remind myself I'm asleep and in this dream world, and to take control. Remind me of the power I have, keep living this dream with more awareness and control.

## Journal Entry
