---
date: 2024-10-21
time: 09:04
last_edited: 2024-10-22 10:00
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Monday, 21st of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-21 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
09:04 - Preparing for my Team Stand Up meeting to kick off the week. 9:30 - 10:30.
These are the suggested criteria to meet and discuss during the meeting.
1. **Highlight(s) from the Previous Week:**
	- Share any significant achievements or moments from last week. What stood out for you?
1. **One New Thing You Learnt Using GPT:**
	- Highlight a new insight or capability you discovered using GPT. How has it impacted your work or thinking or your life 😊?
1. **Focus for the Upcoming Week:**
	- Outline your main objectives and priorities for this week. What are you aiming to accomplish?
1. **Any Help You Need:**
	-Identify any areas where you need assistance or collaboration. How can the team support you?

1. Highlights
	- I've just been settling in.
2. New thing learnt using ChatGPT
	- Nothing to share
3. Focus on Upcoming Week
	- Further experimentation with LightRAG for use cases with 10xAI.
	- Going to try out accelerators as explained to us by Tyler from Calab.ai during our weekly dev ops meeting.
	- Hopefully move to the next stages with Peter from Technie.ai in regards to onboarding and getting him started on Microsoft Founders Hub.
	- Maybe schedule a teams meeting with Peter to guide him through the application process as we cannot do it for him and he needs to do the application. If I'm there in a call I can expedite it.
4. Any Help?
	- I'm fine so far, if I need any help I'm collaborating with Varun. Rupert also

9:45 - All Star Sports, Technie.ai. The podcast ai with avatars project

This meeting had in attendance:
- Mike Girdis
- Ray Fleming
- Jason Clark
- Chris Lukianenko
- Karl Redenbach
- Nicholas Moreno
- Varun Sai Burla
- Carlos Vasquez
- Hiba Rivzi
- Alison Murphy

10:27 - Customer story example
"Do it yourself, cuz no one else is gonna do it yourself"

15:00 - I should go visit Peter in his frankston office one day to immerse myself in his business to research ideas. Accounting.

Tim Ferris 4 Hour Work Week

16:42 - Just noting down, Tony Smales needs access to the Powerscale Demo in preparation for a meeting on November 5th. Justin seems to need a working demo in place for a webinar on November 11th. Richard Harding also has a meeting with the UN on November 1st and wants to demo Green Lense from inside PowerScale demo

## Journal Entry
