---
date: 2024-09-04
time: 10:18
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Wednesday, 4th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-04 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
**10:18** - Think I should get a kindle. I've already got a lot of physical books so I need not fall for sunk cost fallacy and commit to one or the other. Having some reads on kindle instead of physical would make for practical reading at my desk and great note taking. Then some books that are worth physical copies to be owned by me can be bought physically and WAIT for, but other books could come for free or owned in kindle format for reading much easier, quicker and better for skimming. I also believe it might just make me read more because of the form factor.
Save up for it.
*10:29* - Just looked into why my tarot cards haven't arrived yet and putting some dots together that I'm not sure to what degree it's schizo or real, but mentioning it anyway.
Through the evidence I have of my glasses coming yesterday and not my tarot even still today, I can tell a story to myself that makes it feel genuine. Like real.
They both arrived in the country, someone who didn't want me to get those tarot so that I couldn't advance in my book and learn more, checked packages that were coming for me, and through looking up what it does or something, determined "ohp, no don't give him that". Amazon lists the attempted delivery at 4 am, real quick, and then sends the email at 13:00 that they attempted delivery, then send the email that it's ready to be picked up at 14:00, then I pick it up at 14:30. But the timeline of auspost emails could be entirely orchestrated considering that they "attempted delivery" at 4am. This all implies that they never tried to deliver the package to me. I got sent on a truck straight to the hastings post office. Who knows what time it got to hastings. But the point is that they never attempted delivery. Then we know that both packages came in on the same flight, because their timings levelled out...
10:58 - I've gone for a walk to the forest, to clear my head and be more in touch with the natural world instead of managed reality.

I think the magic this world runs on is running out. I can see it all in external reality now. Everywhere I look I can see the stories.
My private space has been invaded.

A part of the story is that they're not as smart as I believe them to be. I've got a really good chance in this fight. I'm learning more and more and no one is any the wiser yet. I've kept my circle small, and my information hasn't spread yet. I can come up in this world completely by my own means and by my structure.

Look for the way a story might be mocking you about the true nature of reality. If you can find that story within a story, you are closer to the truth.
Look for how a story might be subtley bringing you in on the truth, there too, may you find a step to truth.
Once you make one step, make another. Find another reason for them to lie about the true nature of reality.
Look for the tiny truth in a story to see what the story might be.
You must look through dreams doe their story, before you are able to look through reality for their stories.
Learn to handle the dreams, you may learn to handle the reality of the situation.

How do you hide 99 lies by sneaking through 1 truth. By finding a way to manipulate the truth and distilling it into 99% lies with 1% truth.
Eventually you can only do that before people start tasting the lies. Over decades and centuries and millennia, the truth has become so distilled that it does not exist anymore. We live in a fake world, that has become so fake that the illusions are crumbling. The cracks are starting to be noticeable. It's been squeezed as tight has it will go.
Like Eric Weinstein quoted, the Streisand Squeeze

11:20 - Intelligence is linked directly to asking the right questions. Once you learn the pattern of questions to be asking, you can directly see the correlation.
Think how do I convince you of the truth?
Do I say, the truth is *not* the truth, or the truth *is* a lie.
How far away the truth is from reality, is the level of importance that truth is to reality.

T = truth
t = truth (alterable, believable, testable truth)
If t = T is believable enough to be perceived as T, for all intents and purposes your Truth has been manipulated into someone else's truth. Little by little this can accumulate until your Truth, does not look like THE Truth to you anymore. This is when the illusion breaks, the veil starts to life and you can see through the blinds.

Think of the Truman show. Imagine being Truman, and slowly more and more things start to happen to make you question if your Truth is the Truth, or if it is someone else's truth.

To question whether we truly know the T, we must first look for the t. Find parts of your life that you lie to yourself about, question everything until you aren't satisfied by the answer, then go deeper. Assume your T is actually the t, or their t to try and find the T.
Solve for T
T = T - t

*I'm trying to write how to get somewhere that I've not been.* I'm writing from a place of emulation, instead of a place knowing. The difference between Knowing the Truth, and knowing the Truth. Big K-nowing the truth compared to little k-nowing the truth.
K = Knowing
k = knowing

You can Know the Truth, or know the Truth, or Know the truth, or know the truth. Its a 4 dimensional matrix. We've been lead to beleieve that we live in a 3D matrix.

Each line of questioning leads deeper into the similation. You simulate a hypothesis, then test for the hypothesis, to prove an answer.
You simulate a truth, then test for the Truth until you change what you know to what you Know.

Im talking to and about the Tesseract. Coming into contact with the fourth dimensional platonic form of the Tesseract.
I'm moving between the thinking of a 3 dimensional triangle, and into thinking of a 4 dimensional square.
Squaring the triangle. Squaring the circle.

12:35 - Going to practice some active imagination techniques with my meditating to see if I can get in contact with deeper parts of myself. In case I write any notes of a story or scene, it can go here. Not sure if I should just listen in my mind or listen and write, but we shall see.

## Journal Entry
