---
date: 2024-09-08
time: 06:56
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Sunday, 8th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-08 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
12:00 - While writing journal entry, I remembered I should check up at the drs on my health. I don't know if somrthings wrong. I don't know if I even trust reality anymore. Do I trust society? Do I trust the outside world and its drs? Just the main drs? What about alternative healing methods. Is this is? Is this supposedly healing. Usually I tell myself so. I don't know anymore. I don't know who to trust but I am UNWELL in many ways.
I don't know who to go to. I don't know if I can do this myself. I don't know what I'm doing and all I want is help. I don't know if anyone understands what I'm going through. All my life has led to this point now. Why? Why am I here? What is happening inside me? How do I get better? How do I listen to something I don't see? Why don't I ever see the truth! Why do I always feel like I'm right but have no proof? I'm losing my mind. Living in 2 different worlds. Maybe more. I need help. My pot is leaking. My brain is leaking. I don't know if I'm imagining it or not. Am I freaking myself or am I seeing through reality?
I hate this brain.
I hate this body.
I hate this life.
And I know the truth.
I know I can get better.
But I am struggling and don't know how to live.

## Journal Entry
I think I'm really losing it now. I don't know how to keep going.

I'm so lost. I don't know what's real anymore. My brain. I'm getting lost in my brain, lost in my reality, lost in my life, lost in living a life.

My entire life is fake. It's all a lie. A lie I don't know how to get out of anymore. I'm pushing the boundaries of my life and mind.

I don't know if I'm pushing through boundaries of my mind and breaking myself or a strong fear and feeling of that happening is attacking me and I need to push through.

I'm getting lost in dreams. Dreams within dreams, layers of reality stripping away. Who am I? What is real? What am I?

I'm lost in the space between awake and asleep. I'm not sure if asleep is actually awake, or if awake is actually asleep? Reality check. It all checks, I say I'm awake, but I feel asleep. My mind feels asleep. It's bleeding together.
I feel it in my brain. I don't know if it's real. My heart rate always goes up with weed even tho I chill out. Then I freak out and make it go up.
I don't know if I'm freaking out about a perception of reality breaking and it's bad cuz I'm on weed and freaking out, and it's actually a good experience for me if not for the fear. I don't know what is inside me. I don't know where the buttons are. I don't know when I'm pressing them. I don't know who else is. I dont know who else could. What else is out there. Why do i feel alone, but not. Why does there always feel like something else?

I don't know what demons are in here and out there. I'm confusing reality between in here and out there. The lines are blurring. I'm so lost in my head. My head wants to explode.
Am I touched by the gods. Am I a wizard. Is life a matrix. Is it worse? The multiverse. What is the story being told. What is my story in it. I know so much, but nothing about myself. How do I learn what is real?
The wind swooshing over the trees. Nature responds.
The gods speak for them selves. They make themselves known to me. Is it delusion. Why do I write such things. Do I think it's sane now and crazy later? Which one is the Truth. Which is reality? What is influencing my mind. Am I brainwashed. Am I brainwashing myself? Is something else brainwashing me?

Who do I tell about my insanity? Do I believe I'm sane at a later time and then keep my insanity cornered away in a space of my own mind, knowing it's there only to use it safely?
The gods respond again with the sound of the universe around him.
Your life is but young. Your judgement is, not ready. You think you are strong, yet you do not exercise how you wish. You think you are smart, yet all you can do is look at what knowledge you want to acquire, and complain about how low level you are in all aspects of your life.
You are not ready. The gods finish. You know the rest of what he is implying.
I must get back to life. You are lost. Lost in the dark forest of your life. You question what is happening.
"I question who I am? I question what is real? I question who talks from my mouth when I speak. Who thinks the thoughts upon my head. Who presses the buttons of happiness in my brain? Why this? Why that? Why don't I know anything about myself and what I'm doing here. I know how much there is, and I don't know how to keep going in knowing there's so little I know, especially when it all feels like its all crumbling down.
I do not know where the boundaries of my lives are. The Jack in his mind. Jack around family. Jack around dad. Jack around Toby. Jack around Holly, Jack online, Jack between himself. All these jacks. Whose the Jack above them all. Who is the Jack behind Jack? Who is the Jack behind that Jack?
Why has he lead me here? Do I learn now? Or am I not ready?
Why am I being pushed away and not taken in?
Am I unloved? Is that a fear of being unloved?
Is this a representation of going through the trauma of my life? Do I feel that pain physically?
I don't see reality any more. I've piecred the illusion so much that I know what's out there and that I'm stuck somewhere else. And it's ruining my life and my mind.
I don't know if I'm poisoning myself or freeing myself.
Was I doomed to come here from the start? Does it matter? I'm here now.
When I look in the mirror I don't see myself. I see a representation of myself and I feel disconnected. I'm tethered to something and it's weighing me down. I don't know if that's a good thing and I need to stay anchored, or if I need to resolve that and then ascend?

12:09 - Everhtime I smoke I strip away my ego and I push through a fear response based entirely in the ego and logos part of my mind. I think when I quiet it and push through I manage to really quiet my body and mind.

21:37 - I don't know if weed is good for me lol. How do I keep losing control or my mind.
I think a big focus for me needs go be to set my foundations well. I need to do the basic stuff right before doing anything too big. I can't be saving the world if my life is in shambles. I need to be eating well, have a job, have a social life, hobbies and shit like that before I dedicate too much of myself to crazy shit like I keep doing.

I am not ready. I need to put in the work, but I need to learn more before I keep travelling deeper. I'm gonna lose myself if I keep pushing in this state.
I AM NOT READY

I'm deciding I really need to chill out this week and focus on the basics and really ground myself in reality. I need to stop doing smart stuff and pushing my brain too hard into the mystery and unknown. I should get back into gym. Work and getting a job. Work on obsidian. I want less entertainment coming into my mind. YouTube needs less and less and i always fail the next morning, I just open up and get lost in there. I need to live more intentionally, I need to live more in the real world instead of my mind. I need to eat better. I need money.
