---
date: 2024-10-11
time: 16:31
last_edited: 2024-10-16 11:25
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Friday, 11th of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-11 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
16:31 - Threshold pricing
Unionising like dad says. Take advantage of the Ubisoft situation world wide. Every industry can be protested against using this same 1 method.

Stealth protesting. 150 people going into Coles and all causing chaos. Don't create a public image for the media to see. Just cause the chaos and the media will see the results. The message will be spoken for. They can try to manipulate it but the people can see through the illusion the media try to pass off.

Take influence and inspiration from project mayhem from Fight Club. Start these groups with the small people of society around the country.

You can even use it to bet against the system if it gets big enough. Hedge their stocks while creating action and news in the media that actively tanks their stock. Then profit off it. Imagine that.

Cause the market conditions that drive the stock down while predicting and profiting off their driven down prices.

It's all in how you recruit people to the cause. You need to appeal to everyone's needs. Tell everyone what they need to hear in order to get them on our side. The people that are already thieves, you can tell them you're giving them and excuse to get away with it more. People that are capable of actually seeing the method behind the madness and believe in something bigger than themselves can rationally and logically convinced to join the cause. Everyone has a weakness or a level of understanding that can be exploited to allow them to understand.
Need to somehow weed out the scabs. Fight club and Project Mayhem worked because they all bonded over the way the way their society has abandoned them. They were bonded in a way and brainwashed in a way that didn't allow them to become scabs. They did not talk about it. They all had conviction. It worked somehow. I don't know if that's actually possible in the real world, but it can be striven for. Imagine it.

## Journal Entry
