---
date: 2024-09-10
time: 08:06
last_edited: 2024-09-16 18:33
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Tuesday, 10th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-10 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
09:38 - Watching a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvnDdBj0qnM) about life

Some quotes from the video I like and want to keep around.
"Intellectualism is a common cover-up for fear of direct experience" - Carl Jung
"When man can't find meaning in his life, he distracts himself with pleasure" - Viktor Frankl

Also watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9dZQelULDk) about rats and happiness.

1. What matters to me?
2. How could I matter more to it?
Asking these questions in order to "Know Thyself" better. Question myself an discover my hierarchy of needs and desires and values.

"It is not the pursuit of happiness, it is the happiness of the pursuit" - Angelo

1:51 - About to meditate. Just smoked and watched a [youtube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVCGGYuRXgw).
I really want to get rid of fear. I want to trancend my fear and live a better life using more intention and living from a place of love. I want to face the shadows

14:06 - I'm tossing between ideas. Either I'm vibrating so high and that feeling I'd actually fine and I need to go with it, or it's not fine and I need to stop doing this and im not ready for this.

I should measure brain wave activity in these states because I feel all in my left brain. I feel lit up and trying to sync with my other hemisphere. Idk man. But my brain might be damaged or something. My vision goes all synchronised and I don't feel right in the head. Lopsided feeling.

15:00 - Holy shit. I think I've just done something. I just googled about yoga because I felt like I needed to get in touch with my body not by thinking about it, but by moving in the real world. Instead of being stuck in my head I'm actually using my WHOLE BODY. I don't do that enough. I'm all out of whack. I'm all stuck in my head mentally and that's caused me to this point. I need to get back in touch with my body. By USING IT.
It was sexual as shit.

I've got a story. If I didn't have mils right now I'd be dead. I think I'm at my lowest point, and if I was facing it with less people in my life, I could be dead right now.

If my life was a radio, I've gotten to the point where the only voices I hear are in my head. The last couple of voices I hear are mils, dad, Toby, Holly, Jackson, nonna sometimes. It's gotten to a very short cast of characters and the depth that Jack is able to converse to them through his soul is thin at this point.
My if I silence out my voice all I can do is hear the world and hear from the void.

I listened to rhat video about Kendrick Lamar being cursed and that the story he tells over the album is about here's he by coincidence. Other wise his life would be completely different. I wondered if that happened to me at some point and questioned myself to find out. Well if I look to the present, I'm living it, it didn't happen it could be happening right now. Mils is a tune of my radio that is keeping me alive. If I hadn't met her by coincidence and had such a lasting relationship I might not be here.

I don't know how much I meant it when I said it, but before my trip I really said to myself at a low point "well I wouldn't kill myself while I still have money anyway, so I may as well go to Europe and wank it away before I kill myself".
Well I'm at the point where I've wanked all of my money away. I don't intend to kill myself now, but I reached a state of mind where I'm talking to my body again and I'm feeling sadness that is in the past. Genetic memory of my body and history. My body kept the score, if I work through with it I can feel again.

There's a parallel universe where I am facing this current situation alone, without mils in my life. Butterfly effect, if you hypothesise a universe where I hadn't met mils and was in the exact same situation and all the experience without having her from Europe to now?
Depending on how serious I was about the statement of wanking my money away and then killing myself, I could genuinely have gotten to a state where right now the sadness could be just a tinyyyyy bit too much and I spill over and get to one night, one experience where the sadness spills over just too much, I could actually have gone back to that memory and pulled the trigger. I could be dead right now.
It's a non-zero chance a timeline like that could exist. One where at this moment I've squeezed through. A mid life, a half life. Like the big squeeze of civilisations in alien hypothesis populated the universe.

Holy shit. I think shes training my brain somehow. She's showing me some kind of love back to me that is allowing me to imagine loving myself. Through the messaging, it's just like imagining those things. By being in those experiences it's allowing me to imagine more total time and experience in the imaginal realm. Emotions I wouldn't be feeling in that realm if I had not met her. And it's gotten to a point where her cup or stream of consciousness has influenced me enough or spilt into my total experience on this planet, enough to learn that experience enough to love myself with a little more imagination or in a better and different way.

My entire life hinged on the feminine energy in my life. My mum ruined me and got me to this point. It's clashes with her that has caused me to have such a bad relationship with love. She ruined me. Had I not experienced mils' feminine energy in my life my feminine part of my energy may have forever been locked away out of lack of love. Never learning love and always being blocked by loving myself and my inner body energies.

I think I can see through my third eye. When i look through my eyes i see an imprint of the opposite side of my vision. Like im almost seeing double twisted vision. Both eyes vision overlapping more and the brain is looking more like at both brain inputs simultaneously instead of really focusing in on a melted together patched together smartly resolution.
It feels like syncing up with 2 timelines at the same time. Being in an intentional headspace and communicating with my body. Listening to the world in a much deeper way. My body twitches and feels vibrations in tune with my mind. Like I'm an antenna of signals. When I feel something I think something with it.
Anything and everything looks symmetrical in this vision.

I got a weird feeling about the way parts of the universal pattern end up in the parts they're at at this point in the universe. I just zoned out looking at my phone and saw the geometry of the projected vision and saw the beauty and patterns in all my vision except the very centre of my vision. My phone. It's a rectangle. A very basic shape. With very basic patterns and symbols within the screen. Even boring colours for the most part. Why centre in on the beauty in that. It's anti-interesting. Its known. Everything else has something interesting about its placement at the current moment of the universe. Expanding my mind through psychedelic mind states allow me to experience new beauties to marvel and interesting ways to perceive reality through my existence. That's what Psychedelia is. When you see the geometry and symmetry and beautiful patterns in the world around you then why would you look at the square, which it's pattern is determined entirely through mathematics. Which itself isn't bad, but the way the rectangle has been manipulated into telling you a story in which you live you existence through, is.

From the lack of motherly and feminine energy I lacked a good sense of what it is to be safe. My self esteem is ruined because of the way I've been treated in my life. It goes beyond just my motherly experience at this point. It's at a time where it's a combination of all of my relationships that has lead to this experience. That's the thing, it's a beautifully woven piece together of bad times that have lead to this precise moment. It's no one bad thing that did it all. It's every all together.
I must forgive. I must not hold on to the grudge and hate and darkness in my heart any longer. It will lead to the death of me.
I must move forward with love. Not hold onto the past and hatred or contempt with the past.
What is it about the Sufis?
They forgive, but they do not forget.
I must do that. I need not hold onto the past. I am not defined by my past. I can evolve from this point. You are held back by this. It limits the way you live.
Because I have not healed from this yet, I still hold sadness that will motivate the way I live.
Now imagine if I get to a Sci fi hypothetical point where I DO end up living forever and knowing unknown powers and experiencing unknown experiences, you would need to move past this sadness otherwise it would effect your prejudices and effect the decisions you would make in your life.
I've reached a point where I need move past this hurdle now before I am to upgrade my mind and reshape the way I make my future decisions.

16:09 -I'm going to do tacos for dinner tonight. I should find a cool way to make tacos, Nice way to make tacos so it's different that usual and at least a bit better. Check ChatGpt?

I'm hungry. I feel like KFC, but idk if it's too late to eat. No it will be ok. I'll just go get some [[KFC]].
Also, instead of making [[Dad]] do the shopping list for my dinner, I should just ask him to give me his card and I go do it but he pays for it? It still sucks because I should have money to just pay for dinner every now and again, but using his card and doing it myself is a step in the right direction.

16:15 - MAIN TAKEAWAY IS YOGA. Yoga fucks. it makes me use my body and stretch my mind. I stretch everything and everywhere. So good.

19:27 - I want to get a yoga mat and start doing yoga. I honestly reckon if I wake up with the sun and start doing yoga in the morning and then that will motivate me to roll into gym, I can fucking get into this way of living way better.
It's all fucking coming together since fixing my sleep and I knew it would.

I'm not sure if I recalled today the way I wanted or if there was information I missed so I'm just going to touch on a few things again. I could be dead if it weren't for mils and gabs saving my life and bringing their energy into mine. I did about 15 mins of yoga through an app and I felt like I was moving in my consciousness and my body. I was obviously moving energy around not just my mind, but also my physical body's energy. This is all in a pursuit to integrate with my shadow and my body and heart energy more.

20:30 - I should email Tamsyn from Gnosis back about my experience the last week and a bit through my breath work. I'm not sure how much of my experience I should divulge but maybe she can give me some advice if I tell her what I'm experiencing. I'll do that tomorrow as to not leave them in the dark.

Also I was speaking to mils, I think I want to set my goals high. I was imagining having money to go back to Europe by Christmas. I don't know if it's possible but if I really try, maybe something can happen? I don't know what to believe anymore except in myself. If I back myself enough and am delusional enough maybe I really can make these things happen.

I need to get back to living in the physical world. Stop intellectualising and actually start doing.
Lets get out there and get our money up and get back to living. Once the money comes, everything else will follow to. I'm at a point where if I just keep working on one piece at a time, I can complete the jigsaw puzzle and everything will fall right into place in order to help each other and I will grow collectively. Incoming [[Quantum Leap]] I reckon.

## Journal Entry
