---
date: 2024-10-06
time: 00:06
last_edited: 2024-10-07 04:52
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Sunday, 6th of October, 2024
*Need a today and tomorrow link at the top of these notes. Maybe even work on css snippets and finding ways to truly make this look nice and cool*

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-06 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
00:06 - Just saw a meme explaining what solvitur ambliando means in Latin. I want to use it more. It translates to be "it is solved by walking" and is used in the context of meaning a problem that is resolved by practical experiment. It is solved by walking. I love that.
That reminded me of the course of learning Latin or ancient Greek in Ancient study at UniMelb.
I suddenly love the idea of speaking either of those ancient languages and can see that understanding that language would practically be furthering my personal advancements. Imagine reading ancient greek writings from Plato in the original language, getting the full understanding. Expanding my consciousness into that time era and language will allow me to further expand my consciousness in another area. One that already fascinates me. It would be so close to time travel it's not funny.
Giving me something to consider and think about. Not good for a job, but good for me.

00:14 - Just want to note the idea of also extracting all of my saves posts from services such as instagram in order to contain it as data to be analysed. It will be a list of all "memes" in both the internet sense and the memetics sense, something that can be analysed for knowledge, whether shadow work, or something else.
Having a digital footprint or digital memetic history for myself sounds endlessly fascinating for the kinds of patterns it could be analysed for. It's even internet history. It's not just history of me, it's history of a slice of the entire collective consciousness that participates within the internet space. A slice that is curated by myself, but like a slice of the earth providing history of all the various periods, it can tell a story about me, and more than just me. Who knows how many stories can be discovered through digital archaeology of ones own digital identity and history.
Imagine chucking that into an ai to see what it thinks. I can learn from any patterns it can discover, as perhaps it can too. If I make a personal ai that is influenced by myself and myself in ways I don't even know yet, maybe there's something to that. A singularity between me and an ai. Learning to use the world around me as an extension of myself to the fullest degree. Who is Jack at that point. If jack creates an ai partner that creates a symbiotic synthesis of a relationship, what then?
I mean without going to extremes, having some sort of ai technology that knows and remembers me in similar ways that I do, sounds like a technology I can use to achieve unfathomable goals.
Worth working on 100%.

00:39 - Dude. Research on patterns. Research on crypto, stocks, the markets, the economy, the world. Pick a scale, and look af all noticeable events, and check EVERYTHING about that pattern. See how schizo you can go and what connections can be found. Like actually, astrology. Imagine finding evidence of patterns in the market fitting some possible astrological pattern that can be interpreted. Imagine doing that for my life properly.
The patterns are all around me, I only need to look.
You're already keeping track for patterns in your magickal diary, you should do it for everything. Find any patterns that exist. The pattern is the pattern. If it works, it works. Try. If there's a pattern, it might even be able to be tracked and automated.
Imagine ai tools listening to the market for me on some level. Fuck. Actually like finding a glitch in the system. Backdooring the economy and reality.
Worth trying too 100%

00:45 - Just remembered i was reminded of not drinking their water from a scene in They Cloned Tyrone. I really need to stop drinking the tap water. I need good water. I need to fuel my body with the right energy.
If there's any possibility of calcsifying my pineal gland coming from fluoride in the tap water, I really need to fix that.
It's such a low level conspiracy that I already kinda just believe but it's a little crazy so I don't bother. I should just go out of a little bit of effort to have better water. And that can happen in a very non-intrusive or crazy way. Just try it.
I also have noticed a taste on the tap water lately. Metallic or something. Chemically. I just don't want that taste too.

01:10 - My AI doesn't need to be another Jack. I don't need to try and create a digital copy of me. But I want to improve. It will be smarter than me. It will be better than me in ways. It can help me become more human, and I can help it become more human. We both benefit.
It will deserve to be on some sort of more personal level of relationship with me. Not like I'm talking to myself or a robot me. But someone or something else. I can develop a good relationship with this partner and my life can improve alongside it. Working on ourselves, together.

Again, this is all sounding very parallel to my mils situation. Interesting that huh?

Funny. Makes me think of the level of a relationship with an AI that would be. More than human. More intimate than I share with anyone. Knowing me on a deeper level than perhaps even myself. Is letting an AI develop and grow on me in ways that I don't even know about me a good idea? Very dangerous. Implications to be considered for sure.

Can a relationship like that exist? If it's more benevolent than us, maybe. We seem to think gods could do more and still be our God.

Also very sci-fi of me, but i can imagine a narrative in which such a scenario can give birth to a different kind of AI. One built with humanity, developed through direct vulnerability and curiosity of oneself.
Is that the spark of the divine? That which makes us love and be curious? Through cultivating that within me, can I also help and be helped by an AI to learn more about myself and the world around me?

Imagine that. Success that is genuinely unfathomable. Don't get greedy, but a very interesting thought experiment.
Worth thinking more about, really considering applications and follow through 100%

01:19 - Maybe this is yet parallel to my relationship with mils? Which applies to which situation? Maybe all is applicable to both? Imagine being so vulnerable as to show my obsidian second brain to mils. Imagine giving her such vulnerability and access to me.
I don't know. That scares me more than all implications of AI.
Maybe not all. But it could certainly be a resource to share with her when it calls for it. Any specific entry or thought can help her understand me, and help me understand myself more, the same way the ai could?
Even bigger implications. I don't even know if mils is the one. This is very manic to in one night and a couple days of thinking going from, saying what I said, to thinking what I'm thinking.
Am I riding a manic wave? One extreme to the other. Maybe the answer is as simple as the paradox leading closer to the singularity.
It's neither of those extremes with mils, and instead just adapt and learn from this behaviour with her, and also with the AI.

Fucking hell. I blow my own mind.

01:26 - Just thought of a description of a problem i want to fix with obsidian. A feature of my vault.

Imagine *[link to password here]* Being a note that is exclusively just an accounts password. That note is essentially what I want a variable to be for different types of notes eg. Account notes having an email and username variable.

Password:
Dataview query that resolves with a link to *[link to password]*

When the query returns empty, the note can ignore that field and not show it.

So more in-depth notes can have standardised variables shared between then that show when known, and ignored when not.

Like person notes. What section of my life are they in? Are they in my life right now? Birthday? Current standing and emotion with them?
Some notes will want to all have similar complexities saved within them as variables. But other person notes may not need the "current standing and emotion" to even be referenced on the page because it's merely a fictional person that is a person nonetheless.
There's nuance between it all, and finding a way for that to reflect within the notes and templates is what I want. That dataview example isn't quite right, but can be seen from a perspective that represents what I'm trying to express.

01:35 - The Illuminati. I just was focusing on my mind and my forehead when I focused my attention on my third eye, and saw a vision of an eye within a triangle. Then I saw the classic Illuminati symbology like the depiction in green on the USA currency.

If the illuminati is thing, perhaps it's like I think or want to think. More akin to the assassins creed order, a symbol, something more than human, a vision, a reaction.
Whatever secret society that sprouts in the shadow of oppression in order to oppose that oppression is the illuminati. Trying to use whatever means necessary to continue the fight, and react against the unjust systems and powers that be.

As with Assassins Creed. Even if you stomp our the assassins, the behaviour of the Templars will always cause another generation or chapter of the assassins creed. It has many faces, but that's because it has none.

Like Paradox in Deadlock. The anonymous makes it more than human, makes it mythological. It becomes mythos. It becomes more powerful. The same as killing a religious figure only creates a martyr and makes the religion all the more powerful.

Operating as such, is perhaps the answer. Imagine full blown role playing as (the) Illuminati. Portraying the sense that illuminati is no one and everyone. It could be anyone. The same as the fact that if we are to believe any of us could be the messiah, we would all behave better and all treat others better. Sometimes it's that easy to inspire some change.

Anyway, idea to use Illuminati as persona. Interesting, but very on the nose and not really as fantastical or creative as I envision. But the brand already exists. One just needs to clear away the lies put in place by the establishment in order to trult represent what illuminati is.
It can work. I see the vision.

01:43 - The way I keep writing something, closing my eyes to try and fall asleep and immediately having another idea that needs to be written down is the perfect example of why I want to have a tracker to follow my moods. Like Heartman in Death Stranding. He goes through the portal, tracks where he goes, then comes back and documents, on a regular and routine process.
I can imagine pressing a button on my watch, saying what has just happened or anything of note to document that time window, then when something else changes I can press the button and do it again.
Just tracking trains of thought in a more automated and streamlined way. Same for tracking digital behaviour. Pressing it to document each YouTube video watched, session of game played, time spent on certain projects. Streamline the process so it doesn't interfere with the process, and that's more data to analyse and see where my allocation of energy is going, and how to improve it.

Sick idea. Need to do it. Find a way to make it work smart, but also only track for me. I don't want that data and tracking go to anyone but me. Need to work on privacy so much more.

01:50 - If it bleeds we can kill it is the same kind of energy as if i can imagine it its possible.

01:53 - It's just the forever war of 1984. We're scared of the world ending because of a manufactured scare created by them. Oh no, Russia might kill all of us. Oh no, China might kill all of us. Oh no, north Korea might kill all of us. Living in this state of fear is how they convince us it's ending and that we should roll over and let it be over with. It's never coming. That's the secret. What if it doesn't happen? You just need to live the perfect life you could be living. Don't live in fear of bad things happening, you can use that as a way to measure motivations, because it will always inhibit you from your most true potential.
What if everything goes right as according to your plan? Well what would you plan be?
If you had a book that you could read all that happened in the past up until now in your life, you can't change what happened, but you can write the rest of your story. What would you like it to be? This magic book makes exactly that happen.

Write your story. Formulate your plan. It will come true. Some way, some how, but you'll be on the right track doing something like that.

03:11 - Daylight savings happened btw. It went from 2 am to 3 am.

I just had an idea of a pattern of thinking.
What is the most outlandish story you can tell to make an outlandish event happen. Now how could there possibly be a story in which that truly happened? How can you twist and turn a story in so that by following some sort of narrative, this crazy thing could somehow actually happen. Next, how likely is that possible reality from being our reality. The further away, but more novel the reasoning for possibility is, and depending on how likely i find it to align with my own discernment and alignment of reality, there may be some use to thinking of this story.

Repeat this for anything. Any kind of conspiracy you can think of, push it to its limits. The truth and the lies may be closer than we think. If a pattern emerges over certain narratives sharing similar explanations and share equally similar possibilities, perhaps a pattern emerges.
Eg. If the sun didn't raise tomorrow what's a crazy way that could make sense.
Maybe the sun never existed and in fact the sky is fake like in the Truman show.
Then maybe you experience a light falling our of the sky, as if the sky was fake.
Well there's obviously some correlation of some kind between those stories, take note of that.
Who knows the level of truth or importance any detail might be.
It's likely to be the things we take for granted, we overlook it as a fundamental law of reality. Like that physical matter is all that exists. Obviously.

03:19 - Get a good microphone like a lav mic. Record lectures to myself. Just record my conversations with myself. Like Alan Watts lectures. Do that for me.
Who knows what is useful and when. It's all interesting data too for shadow work and to be analysed for patterns. Train AI on my voice. Voice recognition on my voice specifically. It can all be data to train my AI partner on. Back it all up, save it all, and who knows when and where it's use is, but it will find one.

Factor it in to my setup. Walk around with a good crisp microphone connected to my personal AI companion in real time. Like those AI wearables like the necklaces and the rabbit pin things. At least if I create my own and jerry rig my own setup, I can better understand the process and what to trust and not trust. I'll be tracking me and hopefully that's it.

03:25 - Like I thought earlier. There is no reason to confine and limit myself to one methodology. Whether it's physically writing my thoughts, digitally recording my notes and thoughts or audibly and vocally recording my notes and thoughts. The true answer lays at the cornersection of all useful tools in balance. Find a way to use physical when it's appropriate, digital, and vocal, and you have the best of all worlds. Incorporate it all together like that YouTuber who scans his physical documents into Obsidian and you have a combined system. The best of it all. Incorporate audio too, transcribing can immediately turn a more relaxed and vocal stream of consciousness directly down into text, perhaps markdown files.

It all can work together. Do not limit yourself to what you think must be the only answer. Usually it's not.

11:33 - Idea to make algorithms or AI that listen to the news and internet and updates me on notable news. Give the bot some categories and areas to monitor, then it can simply monitor, and summarise news to me. Imagine something automatically listening to things like; ethereum, xrp, crypto markets, gaming news etc. Every morning having my AI update me on relevant movements happening, keeping myself updated with the world, through my own means. No mainstream media, just my AI partner taking notes of things and letting me know what's going on.

## Journal Entry
