---
date: 2024-09-07
time: 10:47
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Saturday, 7th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-07 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
22:55 - Just about to get off for bed. But I had some ideas to write down and brain dump to set next goals for obsidian and my project that is my life
- Finding a new permanent browser, one that's more secure than google chrome. more privacy
- Money tracking software/system. Since my money is pretty much down to 0, it's a perfect time to start budgeting more and tracking money in and money out closer. Keeping track of the places my money goes to. I can just be smarter with all my money now.
- Something about keeping track of my games I play, keep notes on themes that touch me from games. Scoring, just remembering games I love in better ways. It feels like I play a game to death, drop it and it slowly fades away into the background of my memories. I know I even manage to forget a lot of the stories so I can even sometimes return back to them and feel it again fresh. But I want to keep track of my gaming habits better.
- Same as above but for movies too. I have a lot of favourite movies, but they too fade away into the background and I forget them. I'd love to keep track of my favourite movies and movies I watch. Writing notes on them and the themes felt within them too feel like a good way to express myself. Practice writing mini essays to myself. It would be a good practice of my writing with the added bonus of there actually being work written down in case a future case represents itself (ie. video essays on youtube. I would probably never do that, but still, it's a good idea regardless)
- There must be some way to automatically keep track of my goings on throughout the days. If I keep track of how I spend my time, I can then see where my time goes, and step in and change what needs to be changed for the better. There must be some way to track open apps on my phone for example to then export that to a timeline like google calendar. I want this to be kept track in a private way however, no one else needs to know what I'm doing
- Making a homelab. I've seen the r/homelab reddit and it's something I've wanted to do for a long time but never had the chance to do so. In the future I would love to set up a home server for blocking ads on my home service, having a server with my entire gaming library on just in case steam goes down or the internet etc., making my own movie and tv show streaming service through torrenting for example. There's other things too, but yeah.
- Really need to work on using and playing with AI more. The more I expose myself to it, the more I learn, and the more I learn, the more I see capabilities. Training a personal model of AI to be a friend and digital assistant would be awesome. There are many untapped uses for AI I could tap into.
- Train an AI to make pointless AI radio talk shows/podcasts, there might be a way to make money off that. Heard on the radio tonight that they were doing "Am I the Asshole". You could so easily train an AI to do shit like that, then train one to make shitty am i the assholes. I just see "content" generation machines. Idk if that prospect is worth the time and effort or if any good can come from it, but sounds like a cool project to try out anyway
- Train AI on being an influencer. Basically like my [[Ai Girl]] Idea, but it crossed my mind here so I wanted to mention it also. Imagine automating a thing like that to print money for me.
- There was news the other day about a man who got caught using AI to make music, and then botting listens to that music in order to make heaps of money. That seems like an easy thing to do to. Get creative with these ideas and I reckon I can do anything.
- I want to record and track my speech and way I speak. I remember reading in a book that it's only about 100 words in everyday used vocabulary that separates big dogs from little guys. I could track my most used 100 words, either digitally or even record myself in real life throughout conversations, and then track my words and use a thesaurus to swap them for better or more sophisticated words. Crawl through all of my messages online like instagram n shit
- Training an AI to speak like me, training it on my voice could be useful, not sure yet. If I get into content creation of a sort and use my voice, writing a script and then having an AI perform for me instead of having to do it myself could free me up. Depends on the quality difference and obviously whether I would rather do it myself, but the idea is sound.
- Training an AI to respond like me. Use the AI to converse like me in cases I can't be bothered to respond to certain kinds of messages or conversations. Idk about this one but it's an idea.
- Need to do better with presents and treating people in my life better. Using my people area I will better keep track of birthdays, but I can too write down core things about people that will be good to remember. Likes and dislikes. Favourite movies, foods, colour. Make profiles of peoole like that. I could find a way to automate birthday messages and cards or something too?
- AI crypto trading. Automated systems to watch whale activity and buy at the right time and sell at the right time. If it's that easy, why wouldn't everyone do it? Idk, but everyone isn't me. I'm not like everyone, I'm capable of things no one else is
- ai music generation. Oneyplays has that video I can use for inspiration
- Need to work on poetry and rhymes. Want to make a rhyme book like rappers and make actual music.
- HOBBIES. Need to use obsidian as a way to take back control of my digital and personal life, in order to live more of a real life. Make more time for more hobbies and people and things

23:49 - Just thinking, need to find a way to make obsidian use dataview fields from elsewhere in the documents rather than just the yaml headings. Eg. The person template / documents. Have parts of the file being data to be pulled upon by queries

- Keep track of astrological signs and horoscopes n stuff in Obsidian. Make the magick diary automatically fill moon phase and signs.
- Want to live in the external world more than I do. I feel like I live so much of my time indoors, in a building, cut off from the wind, and the trees and nature. I've learnt to listen to their voices, I want to hear them all the time. I want to change the way I live to suit that lifestyle more

Just realised that training AI on my online persona eg. Through instagram dms isn't a very good representation of who I am. I am in my mind, in my consciousness, everything else is just a false echo of me. Maybe there's still usable parts.

## Journal Entry
