---
date: 2024-09-28
time: 20:00
last_edited: 2024-09-30 17:40
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Saturday, 28th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-28 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
20:00 - Just broke things off with mils for **WHAT NEEDS TO BE THE LAST TIME**. This is a decision and area in which I struggle to know which side to believe and what the right answer is, partly because she manipulated me and sowed doubt in my mind and myself. **But this is final**. **DO NOT LET HER BACK INTO YOUR LIFE. SHE IS BAD NEWS AND YOU KNOW IT DEEP DOWN. STICK TO YOUR GUT, FOLLOW THROUGH WITHOUT BACKING DOWN.** Fuck that bitch

Also. just had one of Dad's new weed gummies to try out. I'm gonna watch a trippy movie called coherence while high.

I need to do that python scraping thing for Instagram messages. I want to download all of my conversation with mils. Warts and all. But I need it backed up for future reference. I don't trust that bitch. She was scared I would blackmail her, and I never would, but that means she was projecting her own values onto me. If she's actually as evil as I think, I wouldn't be surprised if she tries to ruin my life at some point. I need all the evidence and proof I can get. The sooner the better too. I don't know if she would/could, but I can't let her alter the messages and take control of the narrative. I know that everything I've done, even the mean and bad stuff, can be explained and justified to an extent. I do not claim to be a perfect human being, in fact I know how flawed I am. But I stand by my actions and believe the story told within those messages can stand for itself. I leave my fate and judgement to only to the universe and the wheel of Karma. I do not claim that what I did was right or that I did it all in the most right or respectful way. But it is done now. I now let the gods decide my fate.

I hope I can learn from this. I even caught myself during it, conflicting with myself. I do not know whether I did the right thing or if I was falling back into old patterns. I cannot know that answer right now. I know I ended it saying how stubborn I am and that I will never reach out again. I do not know if that aligns with my virtues of forgiveness etc. But like the Sufi's do, I will try to forgive, but I will never forget.

21:46 - Lay it where it falls OR Falls where it lays?

I think i said "Fall where it lays"

## Journal Entry
