---
date: 2024-09-14
time: 05:46
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Saturday, 14th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-14 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
06:43 - I don't know if this feeling is to be trusted or if it's some kind of self sabotage manifestation, but I think I should well and truly self isolate myself and get back to myself, mainly by getting off social media and stopping talking to Mils and Gabs until I'm a bit better.
I use talking to Mils definitely as a type of escapism from the real world. Even right now I'm still in bed instead of following my idea of getting up and going to gym so that I can talk to her.
I think if I set up my phone to not have social media on it, that removes the distractions of social media, and also removes the distraction of my online friends. If I truly leave myself to myself for some time, I don't express myself to anyone but myself, I may be able to work on myself more efficiently and effectively. Doing what I need to do, and what I want to do. Listening to the silence a bit more.

11:01 - I'm trying to work on my Obsidian Vault and really realising how big a job and project this is. I feel like I have bitten off more than I can chew. Although I saw that, I know I can chew it actually, it just feels like a very daunting task. [[Dad]] just brought me a coffee from [[Mitch & Co]] and I almost instinctively wanted to go talk about my Obsidian Vault and ask him "What do you do when you feel you've bitten off more than you can chew?". I answered myself before actually getting up to ask, and the answer is "How do you eat an elephant?". I know the answer, and it's just that you gotta knuckle down and do the work. Bit by bit, taking the baby steps and eventually it will be done.

That's when I noticed the parallel in my current life predicament. It's funny how it's all just microcosm and macrocosm. As above, so below. This drama of me struggling to work on my Obsidian Vault can be a proxy for my struggle to deal with everything that seems to large to handle. I was talking to [[Miranda Kendall|Mils]] the other night when she used the same elephant analogy on me. Obviously I wasn't talking to her about my Obsidian Project, but I was talking about how to keep going, how to get better, and live again. It's the same approach. I also am astutely aware of how interconnected my Obsidian Project is with my continued bettering of my life. I feel that once this vault is up and running it will make living easier. I don't know how true that is, but maybe I instinctively know that the approach I must foster in order to complete this Obsidian Project is the same approach I need to foster to continue my live on a larger scale. Just a very interesting comparison I noticed.

## Journal Entry
