---
date: 2024-08-20
time: 18:03
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Tuesday, 20th of August, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-08-20 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day

- smoked weed around 5:15-30
- Walked Jez while listening to music
- Music felt touching, like I understood it all within some greater context
- The time binding circuit felt in tune while listening to music. Like music is supposedly a time binding mechanic, as most art expression is to a degree. But that all of the art from artists are used as time binded building blocks in which to develop a reality around. Your unconscious can tap into the greater unconscious and pull things in order to communicate a dream like reality and story to ourselves
- Music listened to
	- Flight of the navigator (I) Childish Gambino
	- Thundercats song?
	- Ascension (?) by gorrillas
	- Opendoors
	- Trouble
	- Electric Feel
	- Captain Stupido by thundercat
	- Eventually by tame impala
	- The night me and your mama met by childish gambino
	- Lou's Tune by DARGZ
	- Kansas by Gorillaz
	- Garden shed by tyler the creator
	- Touch by daft punk
	- [[Every Planet we reach is dead]] by gorrillaz
	- Rum Rage by Sticky fingers
	- Star Treatment
	- I've been thinking too hard by yellow days
- These series of songs were able to reflect my life back at my using artistic language and telepathic communication. Another interpretation is

## Journal Entry
I feel like I am able to have a breakthrough in personal consciousness given I commit myself to Shadow Work and working on my shadow. I'm learning so much about myself and the reality we in habit. In order to look into the future and develop, I need to commit myself to know the past.
We cannot gain control of our reality without looking to our past. THAT FUCKING DUNE 2 QUOTE. Drinking the water of life is described by Lady Jessica the reverend mother that in order for Paul to see into the future, he must see the past.
