---
date: 2024-10-02
time: 23:29
last_edited: 2024-10-03 21:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Wednesday, 2nd of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-02 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
## Journal Entry
It's 23:29. I'm really struggling right now with this whole mils situation. I hate it. I hate her. I hate women. I hate feeling these feelings about people. No one deserves to get close to me. I don't deserve to have these people enter this part of my life and ruin me. I know it's wrong, but I seriously just do not want to have a relationship with another person ever again. It only ever ends badly, and it's always worse for me than anyone else. I haven't got support networks the way other people do. I was just thinking about mils is probably talking to her friends like Marie or her parents, talking shit about what I've done and how I've upset her or whatever. She gets to propagate a story. She gets to paint a story where in evil or whatever. And she gets to be consoled to, she gets shoulders to cry on. After the whole last argument with her, I had fish and chips sitting in front of me that I didn't feel like eating because she ruined my appetite. And the extent of support I've had with this was that I took it out and told dad I didn't feel very hungry because I just had an argument with a friend. He didn't even get it. He was like "what?".

I just hate that other people do this to me. I deserve better. I know I do.
I'm really upset because I want her in my life, but the her in my head is different to the her that actually exists, obviously.
I don't know what's real, I don't know if she's poisoned my mind or if my mind is just poisoned. I want her, but I hate her. She's a manipulative bitch, but when she wasn't she was nice. How can it be so bad over text, but I don't think anything even remotely close to this shit happened in person.
Thinking of spending time with her in person makes me want to cry. How is there such opposites in a relationship. I just want to lay on the grass in a park in Bologna with her. Joking about "woah oh here she comes, watch out boy she'll sweep you up! She's a street sweeper!".

I want to message her, but I shouldn't. I can't. I told myself I wouldn't, and I know that's the right decision.

Mils. I miss you. I think I love you. I don't even know which kind of love anymore, just a love that hurts and aches. I hate that you made me do what I did. I hate that you've made me feel what I feel. I hate that you're not the person I thought you were. I hate that I invested all this energy into you. You don't deserve it. I deserve better.

Fuck i just want to explode. I feel all blocked up. There's so much feeling inside of me that hurts. I just hurt. I don't know how to move forward. I don't know what's right. I don't know if I'm doing it right. Or if I'm gaslighting myself and doing it all wrong. I just want to be loved. I just want to love. Why is my life the fucking way that it is. Why am I just hurt constantly by anyone and everyone around me. Why is there not a single person in my life. Why is it always me against the fucking world. I'm tired. I'm so tired. I just want it to be over. I don't even know what's real anymore. I don't know how to integrate my beliefs or the truth.
