---
date: 2024-10-17
time: 09:13
last_edited: 2024-10-18 23:52
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 17th of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-17 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
11:34 - Learning about LightGraph and LightRAG. The process of RAG has just given me an idea. Using my Second Brain, if I can make an AI that uses the links and associations from my Second Brain to make that AI go and make it's own brain using RAG methods, using my associations and links. Essentially there will be two of my obsidian vaults, one where all of the data and notes are written by me, and another which is owned and used by the AI, it uses my brain as inspiration but then goes and learns about every topic in it's own way and understanding, arguably much better than I do.

Using this, I can create my second brain, have the AI learn what I'm learning, and then it can teach me what I want to learn better with better understanding of my learning process and everything.

20:23 - I stole a gummie from dad and ate dinner and chilled watching Ancient Apocalypse on Netflix.
I think the moon is whispering to me. It's raining outside and in the silence I hear rhythm. The world around me beats with rhythm and music. Noises everywhere. Things to see, hear, understand.
My penguin pajamas look like eyes in my peripheral vision as I type.
I hear the heartbeat of the universe.
I feel it. The rain sounds like rain, but also loud whispering if I listen hard enough. Like yanny and laurel. Imagine if that's an example of 2 separate universes colliding. An experiment through language to manipulate. You hear what you're told to hear. You know what you're told to know. You think what you're told to hear.

20:33 Research and take notes of timelines of what's told in Ancient Apocolaylse on Netflix.
Use it as inspiration for the story.

Pattern of evil vs stupidity across Don't look ups.

21:58 - Crazy idea. Imagine publishing some kind of ARG like thing anonymously online. One where the main character is me, and not me at the same time. I play the role of its actor. And then on another layer, also the writer, and also within the writing too.

Some kind of clever narrative device to talk about a made up narrative as if it's real by playing a character, while writing it and interacting with it. All of this while it's also just Jack. I'm hurting my own brain with the layers I'm trying to play with, but I know it's possible, I just need to inspire myself to invest further brain power and thinking and brain storming to make reality, to actualise.

All of this can be posted anonymously, with no tie to Jack Di Iorio. If I do this, it's a kind of interactive art project that is also my life. Imagine connecting a a way to receive donations from the kinds of people that like it.

It becomes a revolution of paradigm through the story as well as my life. By my own writing of the story, I live the story. By living the story, I can write the story. By gaining funding through my work, I can incorporate the help into the work, I already write this stuff, if I find an interesting way to tell a story from my own life, I could get paid for it, if I get paid for it, I may be able to pursue better stories. If anything is true, there may be an anonymous source for income through my art and through my life's work / life.

Not that I want money, I don't want to be greedy, but in this economy, in this society, this could be a story that communicates with certain people in certain ways. If my story is one that can do good, there may be a way to make a living, doing my living of my life. That sounds exactly what my soul needs and yearns for. Not even the money, but following that path I yearn. The money merely seems like a tool I may be able to leverage my way for once in order to get closer to telling the stories I want and living the life I am destined.

A story that I can tell, a story that I am being robbed of telling, as are we all.

The closer I make this interactive story of my life.

22:14 - Time is wrong. That is what Ancient Apocolypse shows. The ancients have aligned their buildings to sirius. It is 2023, of the number 23. I have been in contact with the Sirians.

The dog starts sirius. The brightest light in the sky.

22:43 - Ideas:
- Make my Obsidian Second Brain or parts of it publicly available to be viewed on the internet as part of the interactive story telling. Each type of talk can be divided into archetypes that can be attributed to characters in my narrative. These can then be uploaded in such places like instagram accounts filled out and lived within by these characters.
- an instagram account designed as The Author. One as Dexter Domino. One as DEX or Dex's online gaming persona, this could even be my online persona, my discord or steam and YouTube could be used by Jack when living within the Dex archetypal persona. By defining lines between my behaviour and it's archetypal patterns, I will then start dividing myself further into the defined characters. This will even help with noticing my behavioural patterns and taking control of them perhaps.
- Can use these strategies either as narrative devices for the living art project, or even just bettering myself.
- Create AI archetypes of bots that read my writings and form a writing style and character. Then the Ai bot can actually go from exclusively written in my brain and acted by me, it can grow within the Ai bot alongside me, both influencing each other.
- At a significant point the bot could be trained enough on my data that the bots can then be off posting to their accounts and personas also. Then it can be a combination of creation of my personal writings and use of the accounts, with the AI also. Blurring the lines between me, AI and the character behind the both individually, and in combination also. Creating a connective Web of me, my perception of the character, the Ai, the Ai's perception of the character, the combined efforts of both coming together to create a new combined perception of the character, and just the character as a character. Multiple levels of Meta-analysis of complexity.
23:46 - Idea to shift to writing as characters from the movies / narratives I suddenly identify myself with during synchronicities. Doing it like the Narrator in Fight Club with "I am Jacks small intestine."
"I am Elliot from Mr Robot""Elliot feels like he needs to make an imaginary friend to keep sane" "Elliot's life is made up of uncertainty between real life and delusions on occasion."
Using this has an added benefit of encrypting my true thoughts behind the writing.

23:56 - The trick isn't to publish everything i do, just my entire note taking process from beginning of idea to end, but continue using it personally, and then taking parts of my personal life and transforming it through my art in such a way as to create a Jack Di Iorio perception as designed by me. They will know who I am because I have told them what I want them to know me as. That's where the magic of the dance and the art comes in. That's how Mr.Machon did it, that's how they all do it. Once I figure it out, I can use that power also.

## Journal Entry
