---
date: 2024-09-11
time: 08:18
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Wednesday, 11th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-11 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
08:18 - Just came across two websites on the r/conspiracy subreddit that are worth exploring more and diving deeper into. Going to list them here to check out later.
- https://vigilantcitizen.com/
- https://mindcontrolblackassassins.com/

08:38 - Ambrose Biers and Edgar Allen Poe. These are authors that inspired Robert W Chambers and the King in Yellow. Should read them. The King in Yellow inspired H.P. Lovecraft too.

“The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.”
- H.P. Lovecraft

This is a quote that was referenced in Outlast Trials and has been on my mind recently.

08:57 - I'm just watching a video about the downfall of Ubisoft since Star Wars Outlaws released. Their stock price is the lowest it's ever been. They've gotten away with what they've gotten away with for as long as possible, but it's not working anymore. "The chickens have finally come how to roost". "They are reaping what they sow".
I'm seeing the formulaic way they have run their business and the way they have squeezed all the life and art and creativity out of their company in order to make the maximum amount of money as possible. But looking back now this was always coming.

Imagine splitting up your playerbase into different levels of love for art. There's different break points for "generations" or "percentages" of players. Now I know I used to be one of Ubisoft's consumers and can see through time where I've stepped away and stopped buying from them. I can see the causes and really it's lack of innovation and just churning out the same slop over and over again. They seem to have continued this practice with more and more increments of customers rejecting and walking away over time for similar reasons. I haven't played an Assassins Creed game since Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag. I played Assassins Creed Syndicate on PS4 through Jacobs copy of the game, but they have not had me the way they once did. Even Far Cry games have been the same. Far Cry 4 was the last time I properly played. I have Far Cry 5 installed right now and want to play, but still it's years since that's been out and that is representative of my attitude towards them as a company.

If I can look at my story and see the beats, then this story is happening everywhere. It seems they've finally hit a point where there are enough of Me's that are just not interested in Ubisoft no matter what they do, because it is a Ubisoft game, and the way Ubisoft games are made no longer appeal to us. There's now so many of them, that their potential consumer base has dwindled away less and less until they're left with the people that can and will fall for their shit. It may have finally hit a breakpoint where they need to acknowledge that this is the reality they are living in, because they cannot keep pretending they have alienated they consumer base, because the money isn't flowing in a way that's indicative of the story they are telling themselves. The consumer base has gotten to a unsustainable level, completely because they have moved on all the people who don't like what they do, and they only have a smaller group left that they can abuse now.

It's hit that point when it all comes crumbling down. Big changes need to happen because the false story they are telling cannot continue.
This is happening everywhere. Our lives are built upon lies. And we've gotten to a point that the lies are cracking and everything is going to come falling down. It's happening all over gaming too, Ubisoft is not the only case. The gaming industry is struggling. Every industry is struggling because as a society we are plagued by this way of living so deeply, that our deepest structures and foundations of our civilisation have rotted away beyond repair.
We cannot just throw a band aid on the problem, that's what we've been doing this whole time. Finding ways to finagle the story into a way we can continue to tell it and it be profitable or a story that is convincing enough to continue telling. Once the illusion is broken however, you cannot put the cat back in the bag. It is out. Once a magician reveals the secret of his illusory trick, you are unable to fall victim to the trick in the same way you once were. It's a meme. It's memetic knowledge that changes the way you interact with your life once you have that knowledge in your brain. See [Roko's Basilisk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roko%27s_basilisk#:~:text=The%20problem%20was%20that%20Roko's,no%20potential%20benefit%20to%20anyone.). [Information Hazards](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Information_hazard). Memetic class hazards.

Looking through the comments of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r61IZhcWZc) I find so many people thinking and feeling the same way.
"The downfall of Ubisoft might be the most important day for the employees. For me, its another Tuesday. In all seriousness Ubisoft needs a wake up call." - @RushValentine

11:22 - I keep recognising symbolism of spiders. Outlast trials just released a new MK Challenge trail with the intro speech from Easterman calling my Reagent a spider weaving a trap through time. It keeps showing it's face to me. The spider weaving a trap though fate.

13:40 - Watched a video about the Yellow King and Lovecraft earlier. The imagery of the Yellow King is very cool. May use some of its imagery as inspiration for character symbolism. Can flow with the wizardy type of vibes I'm going for. Mix it with the robe and such. The antlers and wing/ angel imagery is cool too.
I realise there's way more depth I could go into to. Invoking some kind of Lovecraftian symbolism and story elements would be cool as shit too. Imaging tentacles or getting powers from a Lovecraftian god type figure.

22:13 - Tomorrow, I need to start by pushing a Domino over. Start the ball rolling and then just keep the energy going. I get stuck by solidifying my energy in YouTube or a game or something unproductive, and then I get stuck in that for hours too long. Well let's imagine that it works the same way if I root my energy into a productive task. I need to push through the lazy unmotivated feeling and just start. And then just keep going. Please. Please. Just work.

## Journal Entry
