---
date: 2024-09-12
time: 06:49
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 12th of September, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-09-12 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
09:17 - Just browsing reddit and saw a very strange reddit [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/outlast/comments/1fedp55/outlast_season_2_wrong_team_wins/) in the r/outlast subreddit. It was not about the Outlast franchise at all and was a weird botted post it seemed like. There were maybe 4 comments calling it out, and then HEAPS of other comments talking about the same mistaken thing the post was talking about. At first I thought it was a few people being sarcastic about the post and pretending to know what they're talking about and reply. But there's a lot of replies doing that, and all I can think is that none of them are real people. All just bots. It's freaky. I don't know if any of reddit is real anymore. There's such low engagement on most posts, that the ones that do get engagement could very well be completely botted and fake and impossible to recognise as such unless they do some dumb mistake like this.
Then that gets me wondering about how and why such a "mistake" could happen. With my theories and beliefs about the Outlast franchise being a much closer mirror to reality than we realise, it could very well be an intentional distraction. Send bots to disturb the Outlast reddit and just cause confusion. I can believe it.

Anyway, at least some good came out of it, looking at all of the bots account names I noticed the formula in which they're all named. It's a couple of real words, or a name with a couple of random numbers on the end. It made me think that a good way to name my bots could be something like the Wu Tang Clan name generator. It gave Donald Glover "Childish Gambino". Those names would be cool for a fleet of bots to be named similarly to. And there's the added bonus that if they make any cool names I dig a lot, I can just transfer that alias into a persona to use.

Only thing is that I can't have them all named as such because if someone reverse engineers and notices a fleet of bots all being named using a similar naming convention, that just adds a complication to potentially tie back to me.

Also I just clicked on one of the reddit bot accounts and it only has 3 posts in its history from a year ago and 2 years ago in the r/Mazda subreddit talking about some issues he was having. That's a very easy way to throw people off whether it's a bot or not and could be a tactic to use myself. Fake a couple of real posts and then have it be a sleeper agent bot waiting to be used.
Nothing since a year ago in r/Mazda and then all of a sudden 2 hours ago a weird botted comment in the Outlast subreddit about a shitty Netflix show called outlast.

Another account has absolutely no post history or comment history except for the 41 minute ago comment in r/outlast and a 31 min ago comment in r/outlasttvseries. The account is 2 years old. I don't even fucking know what to think anymore. What is this?

I feel like I'm losing my mind about dumb conspiracies. The thing is that it's real, it's really happening and I'm just noticing the inconsistencies of the pattern and not knowing what to do with that information. Like I can't go to anyone in my life and show them the evidence I have about this outlast thing, because I don't know what it means and no one cares. But it's real. It's really happening. And there must be some reason for it to happen. It can't just be an accident. I do not believe in coincidences. But I have no one to help me or even talk about such strange occurrences. Ugh.

09:37 - Just popped into my head, my whole fragmentation of persona and personality and online presence and such needs to be built in a way that I have a "safe" and "normal" grouping of the fragmentation too. If I use vpn's or some services to hide my location and identity for some personas of the fragmentation, I cannot always live in that state. I must have a normal Ip and identity tied to that Ip and way of living tied to that too so that I can appear as a normal person, instead of being a complete shadow fake person, it may not be realistic to completely cease to exist through one main identity. But if I can play games on my home Ip without a vpn or obfuscation, then when I disappear into another persona and Ip, that's when it can all start.

Like Batman, I need to have a front facing persona like Bruce Wayne, and then the Batcave with all the Batman personas. I cannot just be the shadow, just Batman. I need the front too.

10:13 - For the people notes, keep track of aspirations. I was thinking writing down my future hobbies. Things I want to do. It mixes in a bit with goals but I think aspirations would be good to keep track of for other people too. If I remember this person in my life aspires for this, that's a good bit of info to hold onto

12:24 - Just spent a bit of time in the forest out the back. Had the idea I was going to try and make my own little club house like the hangout spots I've seen. I grabbed a few bits of metal and things that I've come across and brought it to a spot I picked out. I think I'm going to grab the tarps and a few other bits that are at the other spot and use it for mine. Maybe this will be a fun enough project to make my own little spot. Being out in nature and having my own spot in nature might be nice, especially getting into better weather and summer.

13:28 - Just spent some time napping in the sun on the roof. Not quite a nap, not quite a meditation. Quieted my mind and i know there was a lot of nonsense happening, but it's gone. I leave it in the mind. I just did it in silence and presence.
Now I've come down and just instinctively picked up the Undoing Yourself book. I'm just gonna read it now, I'm not setting up my obsidian quick enough and it's halting progress in other areas. I read some more of this book randomly the other day and was surprised how the tone and way it is written changes from the foreword to the actual boom. I think I'll just read it and take notes of it again during a skim.

13:37 - I wish to free my consciousness from my robotic programming so that I can live a more fulfilling life and live in accordance to my true Will.
I wish to free the body from the snares of the Mind, and to make the Mind a Slave to the Unconditioned Will.

13:44 - Attempting to do Experiment 1 from Undoing Yourself in which I must lie still and think about something, anything, and notice the tension in my face-neck-mouth area that is caused by pure mental thought. He states that thinking at all causes tension, and thinking words causes very slight tensions in our muscles. I want to try and notice them.

However as I was writing that my stomach grumbled loudly so I think I should eat before I continue with my day. I have yet to eat.

14:47 - Ate leftover tacos and some spaghetti jaffles. Watched a Curb episode. Now back to reading.

## Journal Entry
