---
date: 2024-10-03
time: 11:28
last_edited: 2024-10-03 22:33
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 3rd of October, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-10-03 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
11:28 - Had a shower and some notes. Should keep track of my "Eras". I've thought this before but should do it in obsidian soon. Same as creating different Jack personas. Taking note of which are public facing, and by what methods my personas are public facing. Jack Di Iorio cannot be a ghost that is unknown, it just isn't realistic. But if there's a Jack Di Iorio that show up in LinkedIn, that is a public facing persona that needs to be crafted to show what wants to be seen. Professional, playing the game of LinkedIn.

Some eras:
Since being back from Europe is something like the "Cocoon Era". I have said on multiple occasions it's felt like I was in a cocoon, undergoing a transformation.
The time in Europe was obviously the "Europe Trip Era".
Since my birthday of 2023 to now is a larger era of "The 18 months of darkness". Something like the dark night of the soul. It's been a very transformative but dark time. Also with the 18 months of winter of course. Waking up and seeing the nice weather today has reminded me how long it's been, and that I also have forgotten how to behave in this nice weather and environment. Do I go to the beach? Lay in the sun at a park?
The relationship with Shannan is obviously an era of a kind. The "Travelling down the wrong path Era".
Start working the way back. I can't start with eras from childhood, but the lines are more obvious with defining moments of each era starting now and looking back. Keep track as we move forward into the future. Keeping tracks of eras will help with creating a mythos and story of Jack Di Iorio's life

21:47 - Thinking of mils. Now I don't even know what kind of relationship we had. Losing a friend sucks, but it's definitely not this kind of sucks. And we weren't dating. Situationships man. I guess I've now had 1 proper one and learnt my lesson, I can't do this again.
I want to message her. I just want to say that I miss her. But that's not fair on either of us. To message something like that without the intention of talking again is unfair on her and comes across as manipulative. Plus I'm the one that cut it off, I'm the one that was saying mean stuff to her. I did this. But I still feel like I did it because of her. I wish I didn't do it, but I wish I didn't get made to do it.
Why does the sadness need to be here. There was no sadness or melancholy before, only anger. And now no anger, only sadness and melancholy. Yet I believe I was justified in my actions somewhat. I don't take back my action, maybe the way it was handled more specifically, but I need to remind myself that I don't need her, and that she isn't good for me. I told myself as much, and I know deeper down as much. But then again, I don't know which me to believe. The me that feels sadness and wants to message and reconnect, or the me that says I shouldn't? Obviously the me that said mean shit and exploded the way I did isn't the right me, so does that invalidate the decision? Its tough. I want her in my life but I don't. Paradox.
It's night time, and that's when this comes out, I didn't care earlier. It's just the loneliness. I don't know anymore. I just want this shit to be over with.

I'm just gonna write another message to her here.
Mils. I miss you. I don't want to change anything, but I do miss you. This is harder than I thought, and i still don't know what's the right thing to do. You're absence is loud. I see memes and stuff on instagram that makes me think of you, that I want to send you, but I can't. I get lost depending on the meme, even if we were talking, is this a meme that I'm allowed to send since I said we must only be platonic friends? I don't know who you are to me, and the absence is leading to so much thinking about that. It's night time right now so I'm weak, and I know that, but that doesn't change the deep sadness i feel now that you're not here. I know i said bad things, and I made this decision, but I miss you. I miss the mils that makes me happy, not the mils that makes me have those moments. I miss mils in Bologna. I miss mils in Paola. I miss mils in paris. I miss mils in Exeter. I miss mils that makes me feel good. I wish I had that mils. But if that mils is no longer around, and instead is only mils that makes me feel manipulated, or mils that starts arguments, or mils that just makes me feel bad, then maybe mils shouldn't be in my life anymore. I just miss that other mils. And now I don't know if she ever existed. You know how they say that different versions of people exist within people's minds? That when people have a crush on someone it's actually just on this projected made up fantasy person you view them as, is that all that mils was? Was the real mils underneath this mils that makes me upset and manipulates me, and I just laid over the top this other mils that made me happy? Or is it the other way round? Who is real? Is it both? Or neither? Why is being a human so difficult? Why does this have to be like this? Why can't I just love and be loved? Why am I cursed to be alone, lonely and unloved. Hurt by those around me. I've built these walls to protect myself, i don't get vulnerable with people because I've learnt what it leads to, and it isn't ever good. And along the process of getting better, taking down those walls because maybe they shouldn't exist, I instead have further experience to prove to myself they need to exist. I know that's not right though. I want to be loved. I want to love. I want to be a ball of energy that flows every which way. But this world gives me hard edges. The innocence has been lost from this world and me. I cannot forgive you for that.

Whatever my brain thinks of feels wrong. "Just don't think about her", really? That doesnt seem right. That doesnt seem to align with my personal beliefs of what is good in this world. But then the inverse is to think about her, and that too doesnt feel right. I mean i guess i haven't meditated since this happened. Ugh. My heart aches. I genuinely just feel sore in my chest, so blocked up. It hurts. I hurt so much. More than i even am aware and i dont know how to get better.

I keep seeing her in my instagram messaging list. I keep opening her chat and reading that last message from her. Yesterday I read through our entire last conversation too. I can still see the tone shifts in the messages from her that caused me to react the way I did, so I don't think I made that up. That was there. Why doesn't that evidence make it any easier to feel good?

I just want to cry. I don't even know how to cry anymore. Even when i try to cry, I can manage one little burst before the valve is closed again and my consciousness kicks it back to normal again. It's just bottled up deep deep inside. I want to feel it. I want to cry. I want to feel again. Why does it hurt so bad. I can feel the sadness, but it doesn't feel here. It feels like its in some inaccessible place. As is my happiness. I just feel like a hollow husk of a person.
Recently I've been thinking of that little diary entry i wrote in my schizo book a while ago. "I don't know what it is to be a human, all I know is that I am a sad sorry excuse of one. On some fundamental level I feel broken". This is the entry I showed mum once and that lead to me going to headspace. I feel better since then, and yet I don't. I feel like I'm getting good at creating more positive distractions from my problems, and that those positive distractions are better for me than the negative ones, but it all still feels like its sidestepping some actual problem. Like I'm still addressing a symptom along the way instead of the root cause. And it's helping a bit, because of course taking cough medicine will help with the cough and make you feel a bit better, but if there's something deep inside causing that cough, then you're not really fixing the issue are you?

THIS ALL FUCKING SUCKS! All I can see around me are sad, broken, hurt people trying to pretend they're not. Sure on some level this is a great example of shadow projection, I don't claim to not be speaking of myself. In fact because I know it is me, I can see it in everyone else. I know the signs. Dad, Toby, gabs, mils, sinead. All I can see is hurt people trying to not let the hurt affect them.

I want to cryyyyyyy. I can feel my face. Its stone cold. My face isn't showing the emotion I am feeling inside. I'm broken. My wires are all crossed and i need to fix it. I just want to feel something. Please please please. Let me cry. I just need to feel something. I'm sore. This is tiring. My chest feels so hurt. My heart feels broken.

## Journal Entry
