---
date: 2024-08-16
time: 20:06
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - daily
  - journal
aliases: 
---
# Thursday, 8th of August, 2024

## Today's Dream - [[2024-08-08 Dream]]

# Notes from the Day
## Journal Entry
Shit man, I'm really struggling with some stuff atm. I know what I need to do yet I can't bring myself to do it. "I know what I have to do but I don't know if I have the strength to do it". I have all these things laid out and decided I should be doing within my mental world, and then just completely abstain from doing it in the real world. For reasons I don't really understand. I make excuses and just don't end up doing it.
I really want to complete my setting up of Obsidian, in my mind, completing Obsidian to the way I want it set up will allow me so much freedom as well as needed routine. By designating certain mental patterns to be established in Obsidian, and all I need to do is follow it, it will give me more mental freedom to use my brain and mind for more important matters.
Right now I'm using my mental energy on telling myself the stuff I should be doing, but not actually doing it. Using Obsidian should (this is a theoretical approximation of what I hope I can use Obsidian as) allow me to essentially write parameters for my life, code Jack Di Iorio and set his routines and habits, design systems for him to use, and then once all of that is in place, the only thing Jack needs to do is follow the guidance and instructions set for himself.
We set all of this up in the way we decide we want, we frontload all of the thinking and decisions, put a bunch of energy in at the start, and this will free up energy for time to come. Logically it all makes sense, and all I need to do is front load the energy and effort right now.

Tomorrow. Tomorrow I'm really gonna try and hold myself down and do what needs to be done. I can't believe I'm letting myself get away with acting like this, it's ridiculous. Tomorrow, we are gonna work on obsidian.
- work on obsidian
	- clarify the project and break it down into manageable and clear pieces
	- set up a kind of code of conduct for how to use the project space
- art classes
- meditation group
- Adderall/ focus drugs
- anytime 12 week challenge?
- dance lessons
- sport. Basketball team? mua thai, Zakk did it in SMAC in Somerville. Boxing?
- Yoga classes. Yoga mat n such
- JOB, WORK
	- Ai jobs in tech industry.
		- do ai courses on the free websites Waz introduced me to
	- Bartending? Wowee Zowee in Morno? other cool places that might have interesting people
	- Any shit job might actually be sufficient. I don't want it, but we need to learn that we can use the job for money and that's it.
	- If possible some kind of mature job that allows office work or remote work or something easy would be good. Remote work would allow me to live a life like I've never lived before. But job market is probably worse than we realise right now. Need to take what we can get.
- Clubs. Philosophy clubs or fucking something like that, idk if those even exist in normal world outside of university
- APPLY FOR UNIVERSITY
	- Research uni course to do and look into applying
	- Scholarships?
- Protest groups. Find people that protest and join protest groups. People protesting are probably similar people to what I want to be. At least it will give me some purpose for living
