---
date: 2024-08-20
time: 01:19
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - resource
aliases: 
Area: "[[Experimentation]]"
---
# Smoking Weed Experiment 2024-08-19to20
The night of tonight was a full moon. And not only that but a super blue moon or something of the like. The time when the moon is closest to us in the sky and also a rare fourth moon in a season instead of the usual 3.
Because of this, it's supposedly more powerful or something. I was feeling pretty shit and I had the idea to wash my crystals in water in the full moon light in order to charge them. This idea eventually evolved into the idea of sitting out in the moonlight meditating or something, which then on a whim evolved into smoking weed and seeing the effect under the energy of such an event.
It was a total success.
We did some half assed ritual type shit where I brough my altar and 2 candles outside the the fence, lit some incense in my alter, lit both candles and placed them around me, smoked a bong and then sat up on the roof.
The stressed heart did come but I tried to focus on my breath and ignore the heart. However there was a mix of sensation when my heart was not only beating fast, but also I could feel such a heat generated by heart. Knowing of the existence of heart chakra made me continue to push through the spiked heart rate and think that perhaps it's energy from a heart chakra and that is all, the process was good.
The fact that I was able to calm my breath and focus on a starkly different vibe of breath helped alleviate any stress as I figured it impossible to have a calm and focused breath and have a heart explode.
Looking at the sky I then started recording my voice and talking of the sky. The Moon looked massive and bright, being a very bright focus of my vision and also creating an image of a sky looking down on me from the heavens. It seemed massively metaphorical and symbolic. I could see a painting of it in my minds eye.
Ideas continued to come to mind and so I got out my phone to start taking notes and/or draw diagrams and pictures. The continuation of revelations passed through my mind, until I returned inside as the moon hid behind clouds, the candles had gone out and I had frankly gotten sick of the cold.
Back inside we decided to continue the flow of ideas and stay up instead of trying to adhere to a strict sleeping schedule. When the muse comes, you must grab a hold and ride the wave of inspiration.
Transferring the note and diagram to an obsidian note in order to continue work on my pc left me with YouTube and the internet open. On the default home page of suggestions, I went through and saw 4-5 synchronistic videos that felt perfect to the moment and to watch now. Lately YouTube has felt like there is nothing good available, today felt especially dull, and then suddenly some bangers of videos pertaining to smoking weed in a way to explore one's shadow, and another with the title "You are in a simulated Dream, here's how to control it". I don't know what else to say about such a situation.
