---
date: 2024-08-16
time: 20:40
last_edited: 2024-09-16 16:47
tags:
  - resource
aliases: 
Area: 
---
# Story Concepts
- Near death experience bringing closer to spiritual enlightenment. Humanity as a total experiencing near death experience can bring around a new paradigm and interaction with reality.
- Third Eye. Latent powers hidden within a species. Sight beyond what is normally available
- Reality is multiple dimensions overlaying each other. Hologram reality.
- Consciousness
- Inter/extra-dimensional beings
- War in the heavens
- Cosmic enslavement and suppression
- The mind grokking parts of reality together in order to make sense of things. The more wild and crazy and unreal concepts one immerses themselves within, the more there symbolism and tools there are for the unconscious mind to use to make sense of new concepts
- Alien intelligences being paradoxically within one's unconscious mind, and external reality.
- The champion of the light vs the herald of the darkness
- Good and evil both being forms that originated from the one source. The necessity for both.
- The only way for god to explore himself is through exploration of himself. Duplication, creating a hologram and exploring the hologram
- The programmer vs anti programmer. White vs black in chess. One player has to go first, and the second only has the option to react. Evil cannot create nor destroy, only corrupt
- Deja vu, Mandela effects, reality and timelines closing in on each other when changes in the timeline are made. Time moves linearly forward, or more accurately time doesn't exist, only the forever present moment, but the stories and events that play out within the ever present moment can reach a conclusion, only for it to be determined to be the an ending where the darkness wins, so the programmer goes back and changes something to allow the story to continue. This may be an ability used by multiple forces within existence, or just the programmer and anti programmer.
- Similar to Dr Strange in Avengers Infinity war, there is only 1 possible outcome where everything goes right. When a conscious agent is living within this timeline they experience synchronicities. Hence there are cases where people have psychotic breaks where they're whole life becomes a synchronicity, the human brain isn't used to such a situation where whatever he thinks becomes reality. The human brain often scares itself in these states and see's reality where all the scary stuff it thinks comes true, then they can take actions that bring these realities closer together.
- The illuminati communicating telepathically within consciousness to achieve goals
- Living within gods path. Fate and destiny. Everything happens the exact way it needs to happen. Cause and effect. Chaos theory. A butterfly flapping it's wings on the east coast of USA can cause a cyclone in japan. Everything happens because it happens, chicken and the egg, which came first. But it all NEEDED to happen
- Retro causality. Things that haven't happened yet reaching back through time in order to cause it to happen. An observed photon sent from another galaxy, can collapse from it's quantum state into a definitive observed state, by travelling back in time and always being in that state. The future influencing the past.
- The spirit of nature and the interconnectedness of all things. The headspace I achieve through weed and psychedelics sometimes. Need to reach that state and do my best to articulate it whether through words or through art
- The dog star sirius being a communication device from other worlds. I've experience the dog days now too, so much so that there almost has to be something to it.
- Cognitive dissonance and insanity. Knowing things that are true that cannot adhere to your previous reality tunnel and view of existence that causes a divide within your being, cognitive dissonance in your living life. Knowing things to be true that you're NOT ALLOWED to know, that no one else knows or believes. Living a double life through the personal life and belief systems you operate within, and the exterior life you show to the real world. Wanting to talk to other people about topics that you would get locked up in a loony bin for believing in. Not knowing whether what you believe is real or not, losing grasp on reality, but persevering anyway. Going right up to the event horizon of a black hole, without falling in, experimenting on your own mind, trusting in your gut and yourself that you won't succumb like the others. You will live to tell the tales.
- Shamanism and experiencing travel through the other side, coming back with stories and wisdom to share.
- People hate the truth, humans predominantly live their lives actively avoiding the truths they know to be true, but cannot handle. We live our lives in ignorance because not many of us are strong enough to face the challenges and difficulties that come with such a journey. Those that do have the strength to face the difficulties, are owed to use such skills to not only travel the hero's path for their own life, but for the greater humanity of our species, nature, planet, solar system, reality or even universe.
- The veil between worlds and realities and dimensions becomes thinner and weaker in certain spots of reality and certain times. Eg. when the worlds align, or the "Overlap" in Alan Wake 2.
- Antithesis vs Thesis creating Synthesis. Hegelian Dialectics. This in relation to timelines and realities. Polar opposites of reality and timelines fighting one another for supremacy and actualisation in reality.
- The great filter. In regards to consciousness and awareness and experience being squashed down into one or few conscious agents. Later down the bloodline, that knowledge and intelligence is still latent within that continued consciousness, deep within the ocean of unconsciousness, yet it still reaches out and lusts for certain things.
- Spiritual amnesia. Amnesia of knowledge embedded within consciousness. Species wide amnesia
- Alliances between bad actors of a species and the subjugators. Imagine Cypher from the Matrix making his deal with the machines in order to destroy the rebellion of humans. If that rebellion were to be wiped out on accord of his actions, no one (in accordance with the events of the movie where Cypher has his mind wiped) would remember the true nature of reality. It would be lost forever. Now imagine this happens but Cypher or the people that make such a deal don't have their minds erased, and continue to do the bidding for the subjugators because they get more out of a continued deal.
- The alien galactic alliance. Aliens exist outside of our dimension of reality in extraordinary numbers. We live in a universe teeming with life, but are kept at a level of awareness where we are unable to interact or experience what is truly out there. Prison planet theory or zoo planet theory, something of the sorts.
- Imagine a war going on in the alien world (a war in heaven?) where planet earth is under control by one side, doing bad things to us, and another side is fighting to liberate us from their rule and get us to join them in the realm above us. Like the north Sentinelese islanders, imagine if India (?) were controlling them and manipulating their way of living in such an evil and unethical way that the rest of the planet (or whatever amount of good guys vs bad guys there are) are wanting to / trying to liberate the north Sentinelese from the control of the Indian empire / the bad guys. But the bad guys are winning, there is no way for the liberation to occur, the good guys cannot beat the bad guys yet. If the all out war isn't being achieved, perhaps more covert methods could take place to get in contact with the most intelligent / aware people on the island. Such as sending telepathic messages through the use of the dog star Sirius to certain people that have activated their telepathic systems in such a way that they can tune into it and become aware of the messages. Help from the inside out. Perhaps both. There could reach a certain point where the awareness from within the subjugated colony reaches a climax point where they can begin to fight back, this could strategically coincide with an attack on the galactic / cosmic front too. Maybe it's just the combined strength that is needed to win. Like in 1984, if only the proles could gain class consciousness, but they can't gain class consciousness until they gain class consciousness. They outnumber their subjugators a million to one, but they can't fight back until they gain class consciousness of the way they're being taken advantage of, and they can't realise their class consciousness and realise how they're being taken advantage of until they fight back. Unless there was an outside force trying to fight and push for them to finally gain the consciousness and awareness they need. *While writing this I'm getting a strange feeling that it's all interconnected. The capitalistic and empirical way of living that keeps the proles at a lower level of consciousness may perfectly coincide with the alien subjugating race too. This war has been going on in the microcosm and the macrocosm this whole time.*
